QUESTION 1
Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following is the customer responsible for?
A.Ensuring that disk drives are wiped after use.
B.Ensuring that firmware is updated on hardware devices.
C.Ensuring that data is encrypted at rest.
D.Ensuring that network cables are category six or higher.
Answer: C
Explanation: AWS for a self-hosted database that requires a nightly shutdown for
maintenance and cost-saving purposes
QUESTION 2
The use of what AWS feature or service allows companies to track and categorize
spending on a detailed level?
A.Cost allocation tags
B.Consolidated billing
C.AWS Budgets
D.AWS Marketplace
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/startups/how-to-set-aws-budget-when-paying-with-aws-cr
edits/
Using Cost Allocation Tags - You can use tags to organize your resources and cost
allocation tags to track your AWS costs on a detailed level.
QUESTION 3
Which service stores objects, provides real-time access to those objects, and offers
versioning and lifecycle capabilities?
A.Amazon Glacier
B.AWS Storage Gateway
C.Amazon S3
D.Amazon EBS
Answer: C
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/s3/faqs/
QUESTION 4
What AWS team assists customers with accelerating cloud adoption through paid
engagements in any of several specialty practice areas?
A.AWS Enterprise Support
B.AWS Solutions Architects
C.AWS Professional Services
D.AWS Account Managers
Answer: C
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/professional-services/
QUESTION 5
A customer would like to design and build a new workload on AWS Cloud but does not
have the AWS- related software technical expertise in-house.
Which of the following AWS programs can a customer take advantage of to achieve that
outcome?
A.AWS Partner Network Technology Partners
B.AWS Marketplace
C.AWS Partner Network Consulting Partners
D.AWS Service Catalog
Answer: C
QUESTION 6
Distributing workloads across multiple Availability Zones supports which cloud
architecture design principle?
A.Implement automation.
B.Design for agility.
C.Design for failure.
D.Implement elasticity.
Answer: C
QUESTION 7
Which AWS services can host a Microsoft SQL Server database? (Select TWO.)
A.Amazon EC2
B.Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
C.Amazon Aurora
D.Amazon Redshift
E.Amazon S3
Answer: AB
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/sql/
QUESTION 8
Which of the following inspects AWS environments to find opportunities that can save
money for users and also improve system performance?
A.AWS Cost Explorer
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.Consolidated billing
D.Detailed billing
Answer: B
QUESTION 9
Which of the following Amazon EC2 pricing models allow customers to use existing
server-bound software licenses?
A.Spot Instances
B.Reserved Instances
C.Dedicated Hosts
D.On-Demand Instances
Answer: C
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/
QUESTION 10
Which AWS characteristics make AWS cost effective for a workload with dynamic user
demand? (Select TWO.)
A.High availability
B.Shared security model
C.Elasticity
D.Pay-as-you-go pricing
E.Reliability
Answer: CD
QUESTION 11
Which service enables risk auditing by continuously monitoring and logging account
activity, including user actions in the AWS Management Console and AWS
SDKs?
A.Amazon CloudWatch
B.AWS CloudTrail
C.AWS Config
D.AWS Health
Answer: B
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/
QUESTION 12
Which of the following are characteristics of Amazon S3? (Select TWO.)
A.A global file system
B.An object store
C.A local file store
D.A network file system
E.A durable storage system
Answer: BE
QUESTION 13
Which services can be used across hybrid AWS Cloud architectures? (Select TWO.)
A.Amazon Route 53
B.Virtual Private Gateway
C.Classic Load Balancer
D.Auto Scaling
E.Amazon CloudWatch default metrics
Answer: AE
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/cloudwatch/.
You can also use CloudWatch in hybrid cloud architectures by using the CloudWatch Agent or API to
monitor your on-premises resources
QUESTION 14
What costs are included when comparing AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) with on-premises TCO?
A.Project management
B.Antivirus software licensing
C.Data center security
D.Software development
Answer: C
Explanation:https://media.amazonwebservices.com/AWS_TCO_Web_Applications.pdf
QUESTION 15
A company is considering using AWS for a self-hosted database that requires a nightly shutdown for
maintenance and cost-saving purposes.
Which service should the company use?
A.Amazon Redshift
B.Amazon DynamoDB
C.Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) with Amazon EC2 instance store
D.Amazon EC2 with Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
Answer: D
QUESTION 16
Which of the following is a correct relationship between regions, Availability Zones, and edge locations?
A.Data centers contain regions.
B.Regions contain Availability Zones.
C.Availability Zones contain edge locations.
D.Edge locations contain regions.
Answer: B
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regions_az/#Region_Maps_and_E
dge_Networks
QUESTION 17
Which AWS tools assist with estimating costs? (Select three.)
A.Detailed billing report
B.Cost allocation tags
C.AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D.AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
E.Cost Eliminator
Answer: BCD
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/estimating-aws-resource-costs/
QUESTION 18
Which of the following are advantages of AWS consolidated billing? (Select TWO.)
A.The ability to receive one bill for multiple accounts
B.Service limits increasing by default in all accounts
C.A fixed discount on the monthly bill
D.Potential volume discounts, as usage in all accounts is combined
E.The automatic extension of the master account's AWS support plan to all accounts
Answer: AD
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/consolidated-billing.html
QUESTION 19
Which of the following Reserved Instance (RI) pricing models provides the highest average savings
compared to On-Demand pricing?
A.One-year, No Upfront, Standard RI pricing
B.One-year, All Upfront, Convertible RI pricing
C.Three-year, All Upfront, Standard RI pricing
D.Three-year, No Upfront, Convertible RI pricing
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/reserved-instances/pricing/
QUESTION 20
Compared with costs in traditional and virtualized data centers, AWS has:
A.greater variable costs and greater upfront costs.
B.fixed usage costs and lower upfront costs.
C.lower variable costs and greater upfront costs.
D.lower variable costs and lower upfront costs.
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/introduction-to-aws-cloud-economics-final.pdf (10)
QUESTION 21
A characteristic of edge locations is that they:
A.host Amazon EC2 instances closer to users.
B.help lower latency and improve performance for users.
C.cache frequently changing data without reaching the origin server.
D.refresh data changes daily.
Answer: B
QUESTION 22
Which of the following can limit Amazon Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket access to
specific users?
A.A public and private key-pair
B.Amazon Inspector
C.AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies
D.Security Groups
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/how-to-restrict-amazon-s3-bucket-access-to-a-sp
ecific-iam-role/
QUESTION 23
Which of the following security-related actions are available at no cost?
A.Calling AWS Support
B.Contacting AWS Professional Services to request a workshop
C.Accessing forums, blogs, and whitepapers
D.Attending AWS classes at a local university
Answer: C
QUESTION 24
Which of the Reserved Instance (RI) pricing models can change the attributes of the RI as
long as the exchange results in the creation of RIs of equal or greater
value?
A.Dedicated RIs
B.Scheduled RIs
C.Convertible RIs
D.Standard RIs
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/reserved-instances/
QUESTION 25
Which AWS feature will reduce the customer's total cost of ownership (TCO)?
A.Shared responsibility security model
B.Single tenancy
C.Elastic computing
D.Encryption
Answer: C
QUESTION 26
Which of the following services will automatically scale with an expected increase in web
traffic?
A.AWS CodePipeline
B.Elastic Load Balancing
C.Amazon EBS
D.AWS Direct Connect
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/
QUESTION 27
Where are AWS compliance documents, such as an SOC 1 report, located?
A.Amazon Inspector
B.AWS CloudTrail
C.AWS Artifact
D.AWS Certificate Manager
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/soc-faqs/
QUESTION 28
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following activities are the
customer's responsibility? (Select TWO.)
A.Patching operating system components for Amazon Relational Database Server
(Amazon RDS)
B.Encrypting data on the client-side
C.Training the data center staff
D.Configuring Network Access Control Lists (ACL)
E.Maintaining environmental controls within a data center
Answer: BD
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 29
Which is a recommended pattern for designing a highly available architecture on AWS?
A.Ensure that components have low-latency network connectivity.
B.Run enough Amazon EC2 instances to operate at peak load.
C.Ensure that the application is designed to accommodate failure of any single
component.
D.Use a monolithic application that handles all operations.
Answer: C
QUESTION 30
According to best practices, how should an application be designed to run in the AWS
Cloud?
A.Use tighly coupled components.
B.Use loosely coupled components.
C.Use infrequently coupled components.
D.Use frequently coupled components.
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/AWS_Cloud_Best_Practices.pdf
QUESTION 31
AWS supports which of the following methods to add security to Identity and Access
Management (IAM) users? (Select TWO.)
A.Implementing Amazon Rekognition
B.Using AWS Shield-protected resources
C.Blocking access with Security Groups
D.Using Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
E.Enforcing password strength and expiration
Answer: DE
QUESTION 32
Which AWS services should be used for read/write of constantly changing data? (Select
TWO.)
A.Amazon Glacier
B.Amazon RDS
C.AWS Snowball
D.Amazon Redshift
E.Amazon EFS
Answer: BE
QUESTION 33
What is one of the advantages of the Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon
RDS)?
A.It simplifies relational database administration tasks.
B.It provides 99.99999999999% reliability and durability.
C.It automatically scales databases for loads.
D.It enabled users to dynamically adjust CPU and RAM resources.
Answer: A
Explanation:
In the main RDS page though, Lower administrative burden is listed as part of the
benefits.
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/
QUESTION 34
A customer needs to run a MySQL database that easily scales.
Which AWS service should they use?
A.Amazon Aurora
B.Amazon Redshift
C.Amazon DynamoDB
D.Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/serverless/
QUESTION 35
Which of the following components of the AWS Global Infrastructure consists of one or
more discrete data centers interconnected through low latency links?
A.Availability Zone
B.Edge location
C.Region
D.Private networking
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-overview/global-infrastructure.html
QUESTION 36
Which of the following is a shared control between the customer and AWS?
A.Providing a key for Amazon S3 client-side encryption
B.Configuration of an Amazon EC2 instance
C.Environmental controls of physical AWS data centers
D.Awareness and training
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 37
How many Availability Zones should compute resources be provisioned across to achieve
high availability?
A.A minimum of one
B.A minimum of two
C.A minimum of three
D.A minimum of four or more
Answer: B
QUESTION 38
One of the advantages to moving infrastructure from an on-premises data center to the
AWS Cloud is:
A.it allows the business to eliminate IT bills.
B.it allows the business to put a server in each customer's data center.
C.it allows the business to focus on business activities.
D.it allows the business to leave servers unpatched.
Answer: C
QUESTION 39
What is the lowest-cost, durable storage option for retaining database backups for
immediate retrieval?
A.Amazon S3
B.Amazon Glacier
C.Amazon EBS
D.Amazon EC2 Instance Store
Answer: A
QUESTION 40
Which AWS IAM feature allows developers to access AWS services through the AWS
CLI?
A.API keys
B.Access keys
C.User names/Passwords
D.SSH keys
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html
QUESTION 41
Which of the following is a fast and reliable NoSQL database service?
A.Amazon Redshift
B.Amazon RDS
C.Amazon DynamoDB
D.Amazon S3
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/
QUESTION 42
What is an example of agility in the AWS Cloud?
A.Access to multiple instance types
B.Access to managed services
C.Using Consolidated Billing to produce one bill
D.Decreased acquisition time for new compute resources
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/enterprise-strategy/risk-is-lack-of-agility/
QUESTION 43
Which service should a customer use to consolidate and centrally manage multiple AWS
accounts?
A.AWS IAM
B.AWS Organizations
C.AWS Schema Conversion Tool
D.AWS Config
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/
QUESTION 44
What approach to transcoding a large number of individual video files adheres to AWS
architecture principles?
A.Using many instances in parallel
B.Using a single large instance during off-peak hours
C.Using dedicated hardware
D.Using a large GPU instance type
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/case-studies/encoding/
QUESTION 45
For which auditing process does AWS have sole responsibility?
A.AWS IAM policies
B.Physical security
C.Amazon S3 bucket policies
D.AWS CloudTrail Logs
Answer: B
QUESTION 46
Which feature of the AWS Cloud will support an international company's requirement for
low latency to all of its customers?
A.Fault tolerance
B.Global reach
C.Pay-as-you-go pricing
D.High availability
Answer: B
Explanation:
Global Reach will support an international company using Cloud-Front.
QUESTION 47
Which of the following is the customer's responsibility under the AWS shared
responsibility model?
A.Patching underlying infrastructure
B.Physical security
C.Patching Amazon EC2 instances
D.Patching network infrastructure
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 48
A customer is using multiple AWS accounts with separate billing.
How can the customer take advantage of volume discounts with minimal impact to the
AWS resources?
A.Create one global AWS acount and move all AWS resources to tha account.
B.Sign up for three years of Reserved Instance pricing up front.
C.Use the consolidated billing feature from AWS Organizations.
D.Sign up for the AWS Enterprise support plan to get volume discounts.
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/answers/account-management/aws-multi-account-billing-strateg
y/
QUESTION 49
Which of the following are features of Amazon CloudWatch Logs? (Select TWO.)
A.Summaries by Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
B.Free Amazon Elasticsearch Service analytics
C.Provided at no charge
D.Real-time monitoring
E.Adjustable retention
Answer: DE
QUESTION 50
Which of the following is an AWS managed Domain Name System (DNS) web service?
A.Amazon Route 53
B.Amazon Neptune
C.Amazon SageMaker
D.Amazon Lightsail
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tutorials/get-a-domain/
QUESTION 51
A customer is deploying a new application and needs to choose an AWS Region.
Which of the following factors could influence the customer's decision? (Select TWO.)
A.Reduced latency to users
B.The application's presentation in the local language
C.Data sovereignty compliance
D.Cooling costs in hotter climates
E.Proximity to the customer's office for on-site visits
Answer: AC
QUESTION 52
Which storage service can be used as a low-cost option for hosting static websites?
A.Amazon Glacier
B.Amazon DynamoDB
C.Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
D.Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/host-static-website/
QUESTION 53
Which Amazon EC2 instance pricing model can provide discounts of up to 90%?
A.Reserved Instances
B.On-Demand
C.Dedicated Hosts
D.Spot Instances
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/
QUESTION 54
What is the AWS customer responsible for according to the AWS shared responsibility
model?
A.Physical access controls
B.Data encryption
C.Secure disposal of storage devices
D.Environmental risk management
Answer: B
QUESTION 55
Which of the following AWS Cloud services can be used to run a customer-managed
relational database?
A.Amazon EC2
B.Amazon Route 53
C.Amazon ElastiCache
D.Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: A
QUESTION 56
A company is looking for a scalable data warehouse solution.
Which of the following AWS solutions would meet the company's needs?
A.Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
B.Amazon DynamoDB
C.Amazon Kinesis
D.Amazon Redshift
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/redshift/
QUESTION 57
Which statement best describes Elastic Load Balancing?
A.It translates a domain name into an IP address using DNS.
B.It distributes incoming application traffic across one or more Amazon EC2 instances.
C.It collects metrics on connected Amazon EC2 instances.
D.It automatically adjusts the number of Amazon EC2 instances to support incoming
traffic.
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/
QUESTION 58
Which of the following are valid ways for a customer to interact with AWS services?
(Select TWO.)
A.Command line interface
B.On-premises
C.Software Development Kits
D.Software-as-a-service
E.Hybrid
Answer: AC
QUESTION 59
The AWS Cloud's multiple Regions are an example of:
A.agility.
B.global infrastructure.
C.elasticity.
D.pay-as-you-go pricing.
Answer: B
QUESTION 60
Which of the following AWS services can be used to serve large amounts of online video
content with the lowest possible latency? (Select TWO.)
A.AWS Storage Gateway
B.Amazon S3
C.Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
D.Amazon Glacier
E.Amazom CloudFront
Answer: BE
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tutorials/deliver-content-faster/https://aws.amazo
n.com/cloudfront/
QUESTION 61
Web servers running on Amazon EC2 access a legacy application running in a corporate
data center.
What term would describe this model?
A.Cloud-native
B.Partner network
C.Hybrid architecture
D.Infrastructure as a service
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/enterprise/hybrid/
QUESTION 62
What is the benefit of using AWS managed services, such as Amazon ElastiCache and
Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)?
A.They require the customer to monitor and replace failing instances.
B.They have better performance than customer-managed services.
C.They simplify patching and updating underlying OSs.
D.They do not require the customer to optimize instance type or size selections.
Answer: C
QUESTION 63
Which service provides a virtually unlimited amount of online highly durable object
storage?
A.Amazon Redshift
B.Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
C.Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
D.Amazon S3
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-cloud-object-storage/
QUESTION 64
Which of the following Identity and Access Management (IAM) entities is associated with
an access key ID and secret access key when using AWS Command
Line Interface (AWS CLI)?
A.IAM group
B.IAM user
C.IAM role
D.IAM policy
Answer: B
Explanation:
Access keys are long-term credentials for an IAM user or the AWS account root user. You
can use access keys to sign programmatic requests to the AWS CLI or AWS API (directly
or using the AWS SDK). For more information, see Signing AWS API Requests in the
Amazon Web Services General Reference.
QUESTION 65
Which of the following security-related services does AWS offer? (Select TWO.)
A.Multi-factor authentication physical tokens
B.AWS Trusted Advisor security checks
C.Data encryption
D.Automated penetration testing
E.Amazon S3 copyrighted content detection
Answer: BC
Explanation:
Penetration testing is not correct, because it can be done by customers on their own
resources.
QUESTION 66
Which AWS managed service is used to host databases?
A.AWS Batch
B.AWS Artifact
C.AWS Data Pipeline
D.Amazon RDS
Answer: D
Explanation:
Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) makes it easy to set up, operate,
and scale a relational database in the cloud. It provides cost-efficient and resizable
capacity while automating time- consuming administration tasks such as hardware
provisioning, database setup, patching and backups. It frees you to focus on your
applications so you can give them the fast performance, high availability, security and
compatibility they need.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/rds/?c=db&sec=srv
QUESTION 67
Which AWS service provides a simple and scalable shared file storage solution for use
with Linux-based AWS and on-premises servers?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon Glacier
C.Amazon EBS
D.Amazon EFS
Answer:D
Explanation:
Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS) provides a simple, scalable, fully managed
elastic NFS file system for use with AWS Cloud services and on-premises resources. It is
built to scale on demand to petabytes without disrupting applications, growing and
shrinking automatically as you add and remove files, eliminating the need to provision and
manage capacity to accommodate growth.
Amazon EFS is designed to provide the throughput, IOPS, and low latency needed for
Linux workloads.
Throughput and IOPS scale as a file system grows and can burst to higher throughput
levels for short periods of time to support the unpredictable performance needs of file
workloads. For the most demanding workloads, Amazon EFS can support performance
over 10 GB/sec and up to 500,000 IOPS.
QUESTION 68
When architecting cloud applications, which of the following are a key design principle?
A.Use the largest instance possible
B.Provision capacity for peak load
C.Use the Scrum development process
D.Implement elasticity
Answer: D
Explanation:
"Provisioning for peaks" is a characteristic of a traditional computing environment, per the
AWS Best Practices: "you provision capacity based on an estimate of a theoretical
maximum peak." "https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/AWS_Cloud_Best_Practices.pdf"
QUESTION 69
Which AWS service should be used for long-term, low-cost storage of data backups?
A.Amazon RDS
B.Amazon Glacier
C.AWS Snowball
D.AWS EBS
Answer: B
Explanation:
Amazon S3 Glacier is a secure, durable, and low-cost storage class of S3 for data
archiving and long-term backup. Customers can store large or small amounts of data for
as little as $0.004 per gigabyte per month.
The S3 Glacier storage class is ideal for archives where data is regularly retrieved and
some of the data may be needed in minutes.
Amazon RDS is a relational database service that hosts databases. It helps you create
and manage databases. Amazon Snowball is a petabyte-scale data transfer service that
provides cost efficient data transfer to AWS from tamper proof physical devices. Similarly,
Elastic block storage offers persistent block storage volumes for EC2 instances.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/backup-restore/services/
QUESTION 70
Which task is AWS responsible for in the shared responsibility model for security and
compliance?
A.Granting access to individuals and services
B.Encrypting data in transit
C.Updating Amazon EC2 host firmware
D.Updating operating systems
Answer: C
Explanation:
Because customer is responsible for encrypting data in transportation. Answer must be C. Yes, customer may
need to update operating system. However, customer has no access to the underlying firmware. That is
responsibility of AWS.
QUESTION 71
Where should a company go to search software listings from independent software
vendors to find, test, buy and deploy software that runs on AWS?
A.AWS Marketplace
B.Amazon Lumberyard
C.AWS Artifact
D.Amazon CloudSearch
Answer: A
Explanation:
AWS Marketplace is a digital catalog with thousands of software listings from independent
software vendors that make it easy to find, test, buy, and deploy software that runs on
AWS.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com
QUESTION 72
Which of the following is a benefit of using the AWS Cloud?
A.Permissive security removes the administrative burden.
B.Ability to focus on revenue-generating activities.
C.Control over cloud network hardware.
D.Choice of specific cloud hardware vendors.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Developer and IT staff productivity accounted for nearly 30% of overall financial benefits.
The remaining benefits were driven by the flexibility and agility of Amazon cloud
infrastructure services, which make it easier to trial new business models, support
revenue-generating applications, and provide more reliable services to end users.
Reference: https://media.amazonwebservices.com/
IDC_Business_Value_of_AWS_Accelerates_Over_time.pdf
QUESTION 73
When performing a cost analysis that supports physical isolation of a customer workload,
which compute hosting model should be accounted for in the Total Cost
of Ownership (TCO)?
A.Dedicated Hosts
B.Reserved Instances
C.On-Demand Instances
D.No Upfront Reserved Instances
Answer: A
Explanation:
Use Dedicated Hosts to launch Amazon EC2 instances on physical servers that are
dedicated for your use. Dedicated Hosts give you additional visibility and control over how
instances are placed on a physical server, and you can reliably use the same physical
server over time. As a result, Dedicated Hosts enable you to use your existing
server-bound software licenses like Windows Server and address corporate compliance
and regulatory requirements.
QUESTION 74
Which AWS service provides the ability to manage infrastructure as code?
A.AWS CodePipeline
B.AWS CodeDeploy
C.AWS Direct Connect
D.AWS CloudFormation
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for you to describe and provision all
the infrastructure resources in your cloud environment. CloudFormation allows you to use
a simple text file to model and provision, in an automated and secure manner, all the
resources needed for your applications across all regions and accounts. This file serves
as the single source of truth for your cloud environment.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/
QUESTION 75
If a customer needs to audit the change management of AWS resources, which of the
following AWS services should the customer use?
A.AWS Config
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.Amazon CloudWatch
D.Amazon Inspector
Answer: A
Explanation:
AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the
configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously monitors and records your
AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded
configurations against desired configurations. With Config, you can review changes in
configurations and relationships between AWS resources, dive into detailed resource
configuration histories, and determine your overall compliance against the configurations
specified in your internal guidelines. This enables you to simplify compliance auditing,
security analysis, change management, and operational troubleshooting.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/config/
QUESTION 76
What is Amazon CloudWatch?
A.A code repository with customizable build and team commit features.
B.A metrics repository with customizable notification thresholds and channels.
C.A security configuration repository with threat analytics.
D.A rule repository of a web application firewall with automated vulnerability prevention
features.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Amazon CloudWatch is basically a metrics repository. An AWS service -- such as Amazon
EC2 -- puts metrics into the repository, and you retrieve statistics based on those metrics.
If you put your own custom metrics into the repository, you can retrieve statistics on these
metrics as well.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/cloudwatch_architec
ture.html
QUESTION 77
Which service allows a company with multiple AWS accounts to combine its usage to
obtain volume discounts?
A.AWS Server Migration Service
B.AWS Organizations
C.AWS Budgets
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
Explanation:
use the consolidated billing feature in AWS Organizations to consolidate billing and
payment for multiple AWS accounts or multiple Amazon Internet Services Pvt.
Ltd (AISPL) accounts. Every organization in AWS Organizations has a master account
that pays the charges of all the member accounts.
Consolidated billing has the following benefits:
One bill You get one bill for multiple accounts.
Easy tracking You can track the charges across multiple accounts and download the
combined cost and usage data.
Combined usage You can combine the usage across all accounts in the organization to
share the volume pricing discounts and Reserved Instance discounts.
This can result in a lower charge for your project, department, or company than with
individual standalone accounts. For more information, see Volume Discounts.
No extra fee Consolidated billing is offered at no additional cost.
QUESTION 78
Which of the following services could be used to deploy an application to servers running
on-premises? (Select TWO.)
A.AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B.AWS OpsWorks
C.AWS CodeDeploy
D.AWS Batch
E.AWS X-Ray
Answer: BC
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codedeploy/latest/userguide/instances-on-premises.html
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/opsworks-on-prem-andexisting-instances/
QUESTION 79
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model adjusts based on supply and demand of EC2
instances?
A.On-Demand Instances
B.Reserved Instances
C.Spot Instances
D.Convertible Reserved Instances
Answer: C
Explanation:
In the new model, the Spot prices are more predictable, updated less frequently, and are
determined by supply and demand for Amazon EC2 spare capacity, not
bid prices.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/compute/new-amazon-ec2-spot-pricing/
QUESTION 80
Which design principles for cloud architecture are recommended when re-architecting a
large monolithic application? (Select TWO.)
A.Use manual monitoring.
B.Use fixed servers.
C.Implement loose coupling.
D.Rely on individual components.
E.Design for scalability.
Answer: CE
QUESTION 81
Which is the MINIMUM AWS Support plan that allows for one-hour target response time
for support cases?
A.Enterprise
B.Business
C.Developer
D.Basic
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 82
Where can AWS compliance and certification reports be downloaded?
A.AWS Artifact
B.AWS Concierge
C.AWS Certificate Manager
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: A
Explanation:
WS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that matters
to you. It provides on-demand access to AWS's security and compliance reports and
select online agreements. The AWS SOC 2 report is particularly helpful for completing
questionnaires because it provides a comprehensive description of the implementation
and operating effectiveness of AWS security controls.
Another useful document is the Executive Briefing within the AWS FedRAMP Partner
Package.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/faq/
QUESTION 83
Which AWS service provides a customized view of the health of specific AWS services
that power a customer's workloads running on AWS?
A.AWS Service Health Dashboard
B.AWS X-Ray
C.AWS Personal Health Dashboard
D.Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: C
QUESTION 84
Which of the following is an advantage of consolidated billing on AWS?
A.Volume pricing qualification
B.Shared access permissions
C.Multiple bills per account
D.Eliminates the need for tagging
Answer: A
Explanation:
If you have multiple standalone accounts, your charges might decrease if you add the
accounts to an organization. AWS combines usage from all accounts in the organization
to qualify you for volume pricing discounts.
Reference: https://help.nops.io/consolidated-billing
QUESTION 85
Which of the following steps should be taken by a customer when conducting penetration
testing on AWS?
A.Conduct penetration testing using Amazon Inspector, and then notify AWS support.
B.Request and wait for approval from the customer's internal security team, and then
conduct testing.
C.Notify AWS support, and then conduct testing immediately.
D.Request and wait for approval from AWS support, and then conduct testing.
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS customers are welcome to carry out security assessments or penetration tests
against their AWS infrastructure without prior approval for 8 services.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/security/penetration-testing/
QUESTION 86
Which of the following AWS features enables a user to launch a
pre-configured Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) instance?
A.Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
B.Amazon Machine Image
C.Amazon EC2 Systems Manager
D.Amazon AppStream 2.0
Answer: B
Explanation:
To use Amazon EC2, you simply:
Select a pre-configured, templated Amazon Machine Image (AMI) to get up and running
immediately.
Or create an AMI containing your applications, libraries, data, and associated
configuration settings.
Configure security and network access on your Amazon EC2 instance.
Choose which instance type(s) you want, then start, terminate, and monitor as many
instances of your AMI as needed, using the web service APIs or the variety of
management tools provided.
Determine whether you want to run in multiple locations, utilize static IP endpoints, or
attach persistent block storage to your instances.
Pay only for the resources that you actually consume, like instance-hours or data transfer.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/features/
QUESTION 87
How would an AWS customer easily apply common access controls to a large set of
users?
A.Apply an IAM policy to an IAM group.
B.Apply an IAM policy to an IAM role.
C.Apply the same IAM policy to all IAM users with access to the same workload.
D.Apply an IAM policy to an Amazon Cognito user pool.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Instead of defining permissions for individual IAM users, it's usually more convenient to
create groups that relate to job functions (administrators, developers,accounting, etc.).
Next, define the relevant permissions for each group. Finally, assign IAM users to those
groups. All the users in an IAM group inherit the permissions assigned to the group. That
way, you can make changes for everyone in a group in just one place. As people move
around in your company, you can
simply change what IAM group their IAM user belongs to.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html
QUESTION 88
Which AWS Cost Management tool allows you to view the most granular data about your
AWS bill?
A.AWS Cost Explorer
B.AWS Budgets
C.AWS Cost and Usage report
D.AWS Billing dashboard
Answer: C
Explanation:
The Cost & Usage Report is your one-stop-shop for accessing the most granular data
about your AWS costs and usage. You can also load your cost and usage information into
Amazon Athena, Amazon Redshift, AWS QuickSight, or a tool of your choice.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/
QUESTION 89
Which of the following can an AWS customer use to launch a new Amazon Relational
Database Service (Amazon RDS) cluster? (Select TWO.)
A.AWS Concierge
B.AWS CloudFormation
C.Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
D.Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
E.AWS Management Console
Answer: BE
QUESTION 90
Which of the following is an AWS Cloud architecture design principle?
A.Implement single points of failure.
B.Implement loose coupling.
C.Implement monolithic design.
D.Implement vertical scaling.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Loose coupling between services can also be done through asynchronous integration. It
involves one component that generates events and another that consumes them. The two
components do not integrate through direct point-to-point interaction, but usually through
an intermediate durable storage layer. This approach decouples the two components and
introduces additional resiliency. So, for example, if a process that is reading messages
from the queue fails,
messages can still be added to the queue to be processed when the system recovers.
Reference: https://www.botmetric.com/blog/aws-cloud-architecture-design-principles/
QUESTION 91
Which of the following security measures protect access to an AWS account? (Select
TWO.)
A.Enable AWS CloudTrail.
B.Grant least privilege access to IAM users.
C.Create one IAM user and share with many developers and users.
D.Enable Amazon CloudFront.
E.Activate multi-factor authentication (MFA) for privileged users.
Answer: BE
Explanation:
If you decided to create service accounts (that is, accounts used for programmatic access
by applications running outside of the AWS environment) and generate access keys for
them, you should create a dedicated service account for each use case. This will allow
you to restrict the associated policy to only the permissions needed for the particular use
case, limiting the blast radius if the credentials are compromised. For example, if a
monitoring tool and a release management tool both require access to your AWS
environment, create two separate service accounts with two separate policies that define
the minimum set of permissions for
each tool.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/guidelines-for-protecting-your-aws-account-whileusing-programmatic-access/
QUESTION 92
Which service provides a hybrid storage service that enables on-premises applications to
seamlessly use cloud storage?
A.Amazon Glacier
B.AWS Snowball
C.AWS Storage Gateway
D.Amazon Elastic Block Storage (Amazon EBS)
Answer: C
Explanation:
AWS Storage Gateway is a hybrid cloud storage service that gives you on-premises
access to virtually unlimited cloud storage. Customers use Storage Gateway to simplify
storage management and reduce costs for key hybrid cloud storage use cases. These
include moving tape backups to the cloud, reducing on-premises storage with
cloud-backed file shares, providing low latency access to data in AWS for on- premises
applications, as well as various migration, archiving, processing, and disaster recovery
use cases.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/?whats-new-cards.sortby=item.additionalFields.postDateTime&whats-new-cards.sort-order=desc
QUESTION 93
Which of the following services falls under the responsibility of the customer to maintain
operating system configuration, security patching, and networking?
A.Amazon RDS
B.Amazon EC2
C.Amazon ElastiCache
D.AWS Fargate
Answer: B
Explanation:
The customer is responsible for managing, support, patching and control of the guest
operating system and AWS services provided like EC2.
Reference: https://www.whizlabs.com/blog/aws-security-shared-responsibility/
QUESTION 94
Which of the following is an important architectural design principle when designing cloud
applications?
A.Use multiple Availability Zones.
B.Use tightly coupled components.
C.Use open source software.
D.Provision extra capacity.
Answer: A
Explanation:
Data Center resilience is practiced through Availability Zones across data centers that
reduce the impact of failures.
Fault isolation improvement can be made to traditional horizontal scaling by sharding (a
method of grouping instances into groups called shards, instead of sending the traffic from
all users to every node like in the traditional IT structure.)
Reference: https://www.botmetric.com/blog/aws-cloud-architecture-design-principles/
QUESTION 95
Which AWS support plan includes a dedicated Technical Account Manager?
A.Developer
B.Enterprise
C.Business
D.Basic
Answer: B
Explanation:
The enterprise support plans supports technical account manager. Developer and
business support plans are devoid of this facility.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 96
Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) offers which of the following
benefits over traditional database management?
A.AWS manages the data stored in Amazon RDS tables.
B.AWS manages the maintenance of the operating system.
C.AWS automatically scales up instance types on demand.
D.AWS manages the database type.
Answer: B
QUESTION 97
Which service is best for storing common database query results, which helps to alleviate
database access load?
A.Amazon Machine Learning
B.Amazon SQS
C.Amazon ElastiCache
D.Amazon EC2 Instance Store
Answer: C
Explanation:
Amazon ElastiCache for Redis is a great choice for implementing a highly available,
distributed, and secure in-memory cache to decrease access latency,increase throughput,
and ease the load off your relational or NoSQL databases and applications. ElastiCache
can serve frequently requested items at sub-millisecond response times, and enables you
to easily scale for higher loads without growing the costlier backend databases. Database
query results caching,
persistent session caching, and full-page caching are all popular examples of caching with
ElastiCache for Redis.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/products/databases/real-time-apps-elasticache-for-redis/
QUESTION 98
Which of the following is a component of the shared responsibility model managed entirely
by AWS?
A.Patching operating system software
B.Encrypting data
C.Enforcing multi-factor authentication
D.Auditing physical data center assets
Answer: D
Explanation:
Of course, Amazon is responsible for auditing physical data center assets and resources
since it is the property of Amazon Inc. Customers have no access to physical sites, hence
they are not responsible for maintaining physical data center assets.
QUESTION 99
Which options does AWS make available for customers who want to learn about security
in the cloud in an instructor-led setting? (Select TWO.)
A.AWS Trusted Advisor
B.AWS Online Tech Talks
C.AWS Blog
D.AWS Forums
E.AWS Classroom Training
Answer: BE
Explanation:
AWS Training and Certification builds your competence, confidence, and credibility
through practical cloud skills that help you innovate and build your future. Our content is
built by experts at AWS and updated regularly so you're always learning the latest and
keeping your cloud skills fresh.
Amazon offer both digital and classroom training including private on-site training. You can
choose to learn online at your own pace or learn from an accredited AWS instructor.
Whether you're just starting out, building on existing IT skills, or sharpening your cloud
knowledge, AWS Training and Certification can help you be more effective and do more in
the cloud.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/training/course-descriptions/
QUESTION 100
Which of the following features can be configured through the Amazon Virtual Private
Cloud (Amazon VPC) Dashboard? (Select TWO.)
A.Amazon CloudFront distributions
B.Amazon Route 53
C.Security Groups
D.Subnets
E.Elastic Load Balancing
Answer: CD
Explanation:
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) lets you provision a logically isolated section
of the AWS Cloud where you can launch AWS resources in a virtual network that you
define. You have complete control over your virtual networking environment, including
selection of your own IP address range, creation of subnets, and configuration of route
tables and network gateways. You can use both IPv4 and IPv6 in your VPC for secure and
easy access to resources and applications.
You can easily customize the network configuration for your Amazon VPC. For example,
you can create a public-facing subnet for your web servers that has access to the Internet,
and place your backend systems such as databases or application servers in a
private-facing subnet with no Internet access.
You canleverage multiple layers of security, including security groups and network access
control lists, to help control access to Amazon EC2 instances in each subnet.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/vpc/
QUESTION 101
If each department within a company has its own AWS account, what is one way to enable
consolidated billing?
A.Use AWS Budgets on each account to pay only to budget.
B.Contact AWS Support for a monthly bill.
C.Create an AWS Organization from the payer account and invite the other accounts to
join.
D.Put all invoices into one Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket, load
data into Amazon Redshift, and then run a billing report.
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/consolidated-billing.html
QUESTION 102
How do customers benefit from Amazon's massive economies of scale?
A.Periodic price reductions as the result of Amazon's operational efficiencies
B.New Amazon EC2 instance types providing the latest hardware
C.The ability to scale up and down when needed
D.Increased reliability in the underlying hardware of Amazon EC2 instances
Answer: A
QUESTION 103
Which AWS services can be used to gather information about AWS account activity?
(Select TWO.)
A.Amazon CloudFront
B.AWS Cloud9
C.AWS CloudTrail
D.AWS CloudHSM
E.Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: CE
Explanation:
AWS offers a solution that uses AWS CloudTrail to log account activity, Amazon Kinesis to
compute and stream metrics in real-time, and Amazon DynamoDB to durably store the
computed data. Metrics are calculated for create, modify, and delete API calls for more
than 60 supported AWS services. The solution also features a dashboard that visualizes
your account activity in real-time.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/solutions/real-time-insights-account-activity/
QUESTION 104
Which of the following common IT tasks can AWS cover to free up company IT resources?
(Select TWO.)
A.Patching databases software
B.Testing application releases
C.Backing up databases
D.Creating database schema
E.Running penetration tests
Answer: AC
QUESTION 105
In which scenario should Amazon EC2 Spot Instances be used?
A.A company wants to move its main website to AWS from an on-premises web server.
B.A company has a number of application services whose Service Level Agreement (SLA)
requires 99.999% uptime.
C.A company's heavily used legacy database is currently running on-premises.
D.A company has a number of infrequent, interruptible jobs that are currently using
On-Demand Instances.
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/cost-optimization-leveraging-ec2-spot-in
stances/spot-instance-interruptions.html
QUESTION 106
Which AWS feature should a customer leverage to achieve high availability of an
application?
A.AWS Direct Connect
B.Availability Zones
C.Data centers
D.Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
Answer: B
Explanation:
This is to achieve High Availability for any web application (in this case SwiftCode)
deployed in AWS. The following features will be present:
High availability across multiple instances/multiple availability zones.
Auto Scaling of instances (scale up and scale down) based on number of requests coming
in
Additional Security to the instances/database that are in production
No impact to end users during newer version of code deployment
No Impact during patching the instances
Reference:
https://betsol.com/2018/01/how-to-make-high-availability-web-applications-on-amazon-w
eb- services/
QUESTION 107
Which is the minimum AWS Support plan that includes Infrastructure Event Management
without additional costs?
A.Enterprise
B.Business
C.Developer
D.Basic
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 108
Which AWS service can serve a static website?
A.Amazon S3
B.Amazon Route 53
C.Amazon QuickSight
D.AWS X-Ray
Answer: A
Explanation:
You can host a static website on Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3). On a
static website, individual webpages include static content. They might also contain
client-side scripts. By contrast, a dynamic website relies on server-side processing,
including server-side scripts such as PHP, JSP, or ASP.NET. Amazon S3 does not support
server-side scripting.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/WebsiteHosting.html
QUESTION 109
How does AWS shorten the time to provision IT resources?
A.It supplies an online IT ticketing platform for resource requests.
B.It supports automatic code validation services.
C.It provides the ability to programmatically provision existing resources.
D.It automates the resource request process from a company's IT vendor list.
Answer: C
QUESTION 110
What can AWS edge locations be used for? (Select TWO.)
A.Hosting applications
B.Delivering content closer to users
C.Running NoSQL database caching services
D.Reducing traffic on the server by caching responses
E.Sending notification messages to end users
Answer: BD
Explanation:
CloudFront delivers your content through a worldwide network of data centers called edge
locations. When a user requests content that you're serving with CloudFront, the user is
routed to the edge location that provides the lowest latency (time delay), so that content is
delivered with the best possible performance.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/Introduction.ht
ml
QUESTION 111
Which of the following can limit Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) bucket
access to specific users?
A.A public and private key-pair
B.Amazon Inspector
C.AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policies
D.Security Groups
Answer: C
Explanation:
To allow users to perform S3 actions on the bucket from the VPC endpoints or IP
addresses, you must explicitly grant those user-level permissions. You can grant
user-level permissions on either an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy or
another statement in the bucket policy.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/block-s3-traffic-vpc-ip/
QUESTION 112
A solution that is able to support growth in users, traffic, or data size with no drop in
performance aligns with which cloud architecture principle?
A.Think parallel
B.Implement elasticity
C.Decouple your components
D.Design for failure
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/AWS_Cloud_Best_Practices.pdf
QUESTION 113
Which of the following tasks is the responsibility of AWS?
A.Encrypting client-side data
B.Configuring AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles
C.Securing the Amazon EC2 hypervisor
D.Setting user password policies
Answer: C
Explanation:
In EC2, the AWS IaaS offering, everything from the hypervisor layer down is AWS's
responsibility. A customer's poorly coded applications, misconfigured operating systems,
or insecure firewall settings will not affect the hypervisor, it will only affect the customer's
virtual machines running on that hypervisor.
Reference:
https://www.mindpointgroup.com/blog/the-aws-shared-responsibility-model-part-1-securit
y-in- the-cloud/
QUESTION 114
One benefit of On-Demand Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) pricing is:
A.the ability to bid for a lower hourly cost.
B.paying a daily rate regardless of time used.
C.paying only for time used.
D.pre-paying for instances and paying a lower hourly rate.
Answer: C
Explanation:
On-Demand Capacity Reservations are priced exactly the same as their equivalent
(On-Demand) instance usage. If a Capacity Reservation is fully utilized, you only pay for
instance usage and nothing towards the Capacity Reservation. If a Capacity Reservation
is partially utilized, you pay for the instance usage and for the unused portion of the
Capacity Reservation.Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/
QUESTION 115
An administrator needs to rapidly deploy a popular IT solution and start using it
immediately.
Where can the administrator find assistance?
A.AWS Well-Architected Framework documentation
B.Amazon CloudFront
C.AWS CodeCommit
D.AWS Quick Start reference deployments
Answer: D
Explanation:
Quick Starts are built by AWS solutions architects and partners to help you deploy popular
technologies on AWS, based on AWS best practices for security and high availability.
These accelerators reduce hundreds of manual procedures into just a few steps, so you
can build your production environment quickly and start using it immediately.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/quickstart/?quickstart-all.sortby=item.additionalFields.updateDate&quickstart-all.sort-order=desc
QUESTION 116
Which of the following services is in the category of AWS serverless platform?
A.Amazon EMR
B.Elastic Load Balancing
C.AWS Lambda
D.AWS Mobile Hub
Answer: C
Explanation:
AWS provides a set of fully managed services that you can use to build and run serverless
applications.
Serverless applications don't require provisioning, maintaining, and administering servers
for backend components such as compute, databases, storage, stream processing,
message queueing, and more. You also no longer need to worry about ensuring
application fault tolerance and availability. Instead, AWS handles all of these capabilities
for you. Serverless platform includes: AWS lambda, Amazon S3, DynamoDB, API gateway,
Amazon SNS, AWS step functions, Amazon kinesis and developing tools and services.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/
QUESTION 117
Which services are parts of the AWS serverless platform?
A.Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, Amazon Athena
B.Amazon Kinesis, Amazon SQS, Amazon EMR
C.AWS Step Functions, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon SNS
D.Amazon Athena, Amazon Cognito, Amazon EC2
Answer: C
Explanation:
AWS provides a set of fully managed services that you can use to build and run serverless
applications.
Serverless applications don't require provisioning, maintaining, and administering servers
for backend components such as compute, databases, storage, stream processing,
message queueing, and more. You also no longer need to worry about ensuring
application fault tolerance and availability. Instead, AWS handles all of these capabilities
for you. Serverless platform includes: AWS lambda, Amazon S3, DynamoDB, API gateway,
Amazon SNS, AWS step functions, Amazon kinesis and developing tools and services.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/
QUESTION 118
Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following is a shared control between
a customer and AWS?
A.Physical controls
B.Patch management
C.Zone security
D.Data center auditing
Answer: B
QUESTION 119
What can AWS edge locations be used for? (Select TWO.)
A.Hosting applications
B.Delivering content closer to users
C.Running NoSQL database caching services
D.Reducing traffic on the server by caching responses
E.Sending notification messages to end users
Answer: BD
Explanation:
CloudFront delivers your content through a worldwide network of data centers called edge
locations. When a user requests content that you're serving with CloudFront, the user is
routed to the edge location that provides the lowest latency (time delay), so that content is
delivered with the best possible performance.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudFront/latest/DeveloperGuide/Introduction.ht
ml
QUESTION 120
What technology enables compute capacity to adjust as loads change?
A.Load balancing
B.Automatic failover
C.Round robin
D.Auto Scaling
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS Auto Scaling monitors your applications and automatically adjusts capacity to
maintain steady, predictable performance at the lowest possible cost. Using AWS Auto
Scaling, it's easy to setup application scaling for multiple resources across multiple
services in minutes. The service provides a simple, powerful user interface that lets you
build scaling plans for resources including Amazon EC2 instances and Spot Fleets,
Amazon ECS tasks, Amazon DynamoDB tables and indexes, and Amazon Aurora
Replicas. AWS Auto Scaling makes scaling simple with recommendations that allow you
to optimize performance, costs, or balance between them. If you're already using Amazon
EC2 Auto Scaling to dynamically scale your Amazon EC2 instances, you can now
combine it with AWS Auto Scaling to scale additional resources for other AWS services.
With AWS Auto Scaling, your applications always have the right resources at the right
time.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/
QUESTION 121
Which AWS services are defined as global instead of regional? (Select TWO.)
A.Amazon Route 53
B.Amazon EC2
C.Amazon S3
D.Amazon CloudFront
E.Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: AD
Explanation:
http://jayendrapatil.com/aws-global-vs-regional-vs-az-resources/
QUESTION 122
Which AWS service would you use to obtain compliance reports and certificates?
A.AWS Artifact
B.AWS Lambda
C.Amazon Inspector
D.AWS Certificate Manager
Answer: A
Explanation:
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that
matters to you. It provides on-demand access to AWS' security and compliance reports
and select online agreements.
Reports available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports,
Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across
geographies and compliance verticals that validate the implementation and operating
effectiveness of AWS security controls.
Agreements available in AWS Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA)
and the Nondisclosure Agreement (NDA).
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/artifact/
QUESTION 123
Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following tasks are the responsibility
of the AWS customer? (Select TWO.)
A.Ensuring that application data is encrypted at rest
B.Ensuring that AWS NTP servers are set to the correct time
C.Ensuring that users have received security training in the use of AWS services
D.Ensuring that access to data centers is restricted
E.Ensuring that hardware is disposed of properly
Answer: AC
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 124
Which AWS service can be used to manually launch instances based on resource
requirements?
A.Amazon EBS
B.Amazon S3
C.Amazon EC2
D.Amazon ECS
Answer: C
QUESTION 125
A company is migrating an application that is running non-interruptible workloads for a
three-year time frame.
Which pricing construct would provide the MOST cost-effective solution?
A.Amazon EC2 Spot Instances
B.Amazon EC2 Dedicated Instances
C.Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances
D.Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances
Answer: D
QUESTION 126
The financial benefits of using AWS are: (Select TWO.)
A.reduced Total Cost of Ownership (TCO).
B.increased capital expenditure (capex).
C.reduced operational expenditure (opex).
D.deferred payment plans for startups.
E.business credit lines for stratups.
Answer: AC
QUESTION 127
Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following is a shared control between
a customer and AWS?
A.Physical controls
B.Patch management
C.Zone security
D.Data center auditing
Answer: B
Explanation:
Shared Controls:Controls which apply to both the infrastructure layer and customer layers,
but in completely separate contexts or perspectives. In a shared control, AWS provides
the requirements for the infrastructure and the customer must provide their own control
implementation within their use of AWS services.
Examples include:
Patch Management:AWS is responsible for patching and fixing flaws within the
infrastructure, but customers are responsible for patching their guest OS and applications.
Configuration Management:AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure devices,
but a customer is responsible for configuring their own guest operating systems,
databases, and applications.
Awareness&Training AWS trains AWS employees,but a customer must train their owner
employees.
Customer Specific Controls which are solely the responsibility of the customer based on
the application they are deploying within AWS services. Examples include:
- Service and Communications Protection or Zone Security which may require a customer
to route or zone data within specific security environments.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 128
Which AWS service allows companies to connect an Amazon VPC to an on-premises data
center?
A.AWS VPN
B.Amazon Redshift
C.API Gateway
D.Amazon Direct Connect
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS Direct Connect enables you to securely connect your AWS environment to your
on-premises data center or office location over a standard 1 gigabit or 10 gigabit Ethernet
fiber-optic connection. AWS Direct Connect offers dedicated high speed, low latency
connection, which bypasses internet service providers inyour network path. An AWS
Direct Connect location provides access to Amazon Web Services in the region it is
associated with, as well as access to other US regions. AWS Direct Connect allows you to
logically partition the fiber-optic connections into multiple logical connections called Virtual
Local Area Networks(VLAN). You can take advantage of these logical connections to
improve security, differentiate traffic, and achieve compliance requirements.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/connect-data-center-to-aws/
QUESTION 129
A company wants to reduce the physical compute footprint that developers use to run
code.
Which service would meet that need by enabling serverless architectures?
A.Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
B.AWS Lambda
C.Amazon DynamoDB
D.AWS CodeCommit
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS Lambda is an integral part of coding on AWS. It reduces physical compute footprint
by utilizing aws cloud services to run code.
QUESTION 130
Which AWS service provides alerts when an AWS event may impact a company's AWS
resources?
A.AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B.AWS Service Health Dashboard
C.AWS Trusted Advisor
D.AWS Infrastructure Event Management
Answer: A
Explanation:
AWS Personal Health Dashboard provides alerts and remediation guidance when AWS is
experiencing events that may impact you. While the Service Health Dashboard displays
the general status of AWS services, Personal Health Dashboard gives you a personalized
view into the performance and availability of the AWS services underlying your AWS
resources.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/personal-health-dashboard/
QUESTION 131
Which of the following are categories of AWS Trusted Advisor? (Select TWO.)
A.Fault Tolerance
B.Instance Usage
C.Infrastructure
D.Performance
E.Storage Capacity
Answer: AD
Explanation:
Like your customized cloud expert, AWS Trusted Advisor analyzes your AWS environment
and provides best practice recommendations in five categories: cost optimization,
performance, security, fault tolerance and service limits.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/trusted-advisor/
QUESTION 132
Which of the following services falls under the responsibility of the customer to maintain
operating system configuration, security patching, and networking?
A.Amazon RDS
B.Amazon EC2
C.Amazon ElastiCache
D.AWS Fargate
Answer: B
Explanation:
The customer is responsible for managing, support, patching and control of the guest
operating system and AWS services provided like EC2.
Reference: https://www.whizlabs.com/blog/aws-security-shared-responsibility/
QUESTION 133
A company will be moving from an on-premises data center to the AWS Cloud.
What would be one financial difference after the move?
A.Moving from variable operational expense (opex) to upfront capital expense (capex).
B.Moving from upfront capital expense (capex) to variable capital expense (capex).
C.Moving from upfront capital expense (capex) to variable operational expense (opex).
D.Elimination of upfront capital expense (capex) and elimination of variable operational
expense (opex)
Answer: C
QUESTION 134
How should a customer forecast the future costs for running a new web application?
A.Amazon Aurora Backtrack
B.Amazon CloudWatch Billing Alarms
C.AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D.AWS Cost and Usage report
Answer: D
Explanation:
You can use Cost explorer which is part of Cost and Usage report to forecast future costs
of running an application.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/ce-forecast.html
QUESTION 135
Which is the MINIMUM AWS Support plan that provides technical support through phone
calls?
A.Enterprise
B.Business
C.Developer
D.Basic
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 136
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, what is the sole responsibility of AWS?
A.Application security
B.Edge location management
C.Patch management
D.Client-side data
Answer: B
Explanation:
Client-side data, application security is the sole responsibility of the customer. Patch
management is a shared responsibility. That leaves us with edge location management
and since this out of the control of the customer, AWS is the one responsible for it.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 137
Which AWS IAM feature is used to associate a set of permissions with multiple users?
A.Multi-factor authentication
B.Groups
C.Password policies
D.Access keys
Answer: B
Explanation:
An IAM group is a collection of IAM users. You can use groups to specify permissions for a
collection of users, which can make those permissions easier to
manage for those users. For example, you could have a group called Admins and give
that group the types of permissions that administrators typically need.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id.html
QUESTION 138
Which of the following are benefits of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A.Unlimited uptime
B.Elasticity
C.Agility
D.Colocation
E.Capital expenses
Answer: BC
Explanation:
The most celebrated benefit of AWS cloud is elasticity since you can expand the services
when you experience more traffic.
Agile developments in AWS Cloud through strategies are day by day becoming more
established within the enterprises across the world. With so much improvement and call
for optimization in the cloud, it is necessary that these strategies get established from the
ground up within the organizations. It is highly important as already enterprises have a lot
of bequest, politics and hierarchies which act as barriers in their businesses.
Reference: https://www.botmetric.com/blog/evolution-agile-enterprises-aws-cloud/
QUESTION 139
Which of the following can a customer use to enable single sign-on (SSO) to the AWS
Console?
A.Amazon Connect
B.AWS Directory Service
C.Amazon Pinpoint
D.Amazon Rekognition
Answer: B
Explanation:
Single sign-on only works when used on a computer that is joined to the AWS Directory
Service directory.
It cannot be used on computers that are not joined to the directory.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/directoryservice/latest/admin-guide/ms_ad_single_sign_on.
html
QUESTION 140
What are the multiple, isolated locations within an AWS Region that are connected by
low-latency networks called?
A.AWS Direct Connects
B.Amazon VPCs
C.Edge locations
D.Availability Zones
Answer: D
Explanation:
Each Region is completely independent. Each Availability Zone is isolated, but the
Availability Zones in a Region are connected through low-latency links. A Local Zone is an
AWS infrastructure deployment that places select services closer to your end users. A
Local Zone is an extension of a Region that is in a different location from your Region. It
provides a high-bandwidth backbone to the AWS infrastructure and is ideal for
latency-sensitive applications, for example machine
learning.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zone
s.html
QUESTION 141
Which of the following benefits does the AWS Compliance program provide to AWS
customers? (Choose two.)
A.It verifies that hosted workloads are automatically compliant with the controls of
supported compliance frameworks.
B.AWS is responsible for the maintenance of common compliance framework
documentation.
C.It assures customers that AWS is maintaining physical security and data protection.
D.It ensures the use of compliance frameworks that are being used by other cloud
providers.
E.It will adopt new compliance frameworks as they become relevant to customer
workloads.
Answer: AB
Explanation:
https://docs.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/compliance/AWS_Risk_and_Compliance_Whitep
aper.pdf
QUESTION 142
Which of the following services provides on-demand access to AWS compliance reports?
A.AWS IAM
B.AWS Artifact
C.Amazon GuardDuty
D.AWS KMS
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that
matters to you. It provides on-demand access to AWS' security and compliance reports
and select online agreements.
Reports available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports,
Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across
geographies and compliance verticals that validate the implementation and operating
effectiveness of AWS security controls.
Agreements available in AWS Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA)
and the Nondisclosure Agreement (NDA).
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/artifact/
QUESTION 143
As part of the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following operational controls
do users fully inherit from AWS?
A.Security management of data center
B.Patch management
C.Configuration management
D.User and access management
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 144
When comparing AWS Cloud with on-premises Total Cost of Ownership, which expenses
must be considered? (Choose two.)
A.Software development
B.Project management
C.Storage hardware
D.Physical servers
E.Antivirus software license
Answer: CD
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/the-new-aws-tco-calculator/
QUESTION 145
Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following tasks are the responsibility
of the customer? (Choose two.)
A.Maintaining the underlying Amazon EC2 hardware.
B.Managing the VPC network access control lists.
C.Encrypting data in transit and at rest.
D.Replacing failed hard disk drives.
E.Deploying hardware in different Availability Zones.
Answer: BC
Explanation:
The hardware related jobs is the prime responsibility of AWS. VPC network access control
lists is something a customer has to do himself to secure the applications. Encrypting data
in transit and at rest is a shared responsibility in which AWS plays a part. All hardware
related jobs have nothing to do with the customer.
Reference: https://dzone.com/articles/aws-shared-responsibility-model-cloud-security
QUESTION 146
Which scenarios represent the concept of elasticity on AWS? (Choose two.)
A.Scaling the number of Amazon EC2 instances based on traffic.
B.Resizing Amazon RDS instances as business needs change.
C.Automatically directing traffic to less-utilized Amazon EC2 instances.
D.Using AWS compliance documents to accelerate the compliance process.
E.Having the ability to create and govern environments using code.
Answer: AB
Explanation:
https://wa.aws.amazon.com/wat.concept.elasticity.en.html
QUESTION 147
When is it beneficial for a company to use a Spot Instance?
A.When there is flexibility in when an application needs to run.
B.When there are mission-critical workloads.
C.When dedicated capacity is needed.
D.When an instance should not be stopped.
Answer: A
Explanation:
The key to understanding spot instances is to look at the way that cloud service providers
such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) operate. Cloud service providers invest in
hardware resources and then release those resources (often on a per-hour basis) to
subscribers. One of the problems with this business model, however, is that at any given
time, there are likely to be compute resources that are not being utilized.
These resources represent hardware capacity that AWS has paid for but are sitting idle,
and not making AWS any money at the moment.
Rather than allowing these computing resources to go to waste, AWS offers them at a
substantially discounted rate, with the understanding that if someone needs those
resources for running a normal EC2 instance, that instance will take priority over spot
instances that are using the hardware resources at a discounted rate.
In fact, spot instances will be stopped if the resources are needed elsewhere.
Reference: https://awsinsider.net/articles/2017/09/25/aws-spot-instances-primer.aspx
QUESTION 148
A company is considering moving its on-premises data center to AWS. What factors
should be included in doing a Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) analysis?
(Choose two.)
A.Amazon EC2 instance availability
B.Power consumption of the data center
C.Labor costs to replace old servers
D.Application developer time
E.Database engine capacity
Answer: BC
QUESTION 149
How does AWS charge for AWS Lambda?
A.Users bid on the maximum price they are willing to pay per hour.
B.Users choose a 1-, 3- or 5-year upfront payment term.
C.Users pay for the required permanent storage on a file system or in a database.
D.Users pay based on the number of requests and consumed compute resources.
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS Lambda is charging its users by the number of requests for their functions and by
the duration, which is the time the code needs to execute. When code starts running in
response to an event, AWS Lambda counts a request. It will charge the total number of
requests across all of the functions used. Duration is calculated by the time when your
code started executing until it returns or until it is terminated, rounded up near to 100ms.
The AWS Lambda pricing depends on
the amount of memory that the user used to allocate to the function.
Reference: https://dashbird.io/blog/aws-lambda-pricing-model-explained/
QUESTION 150
What function do security groups serve related Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon
EC2) instance security?
A.Act as a virtual firewall for the Amazon EC2 instance.
B.Secure AWS user accounts with AWS identity and Access Management (IAM) policies.
C.Provide DDoS protection with AWS Shield.
D.Use Amazon CloudFront to protect the Amazon EC2 instance.
Answer: A
Explanation:
AWS Security Groups act like a firewall for your Amazon EC2 instances controlling both
inbound and outbound traffic. When you launch an instance on Amazon EC2, you need to
assign it to a particular security group.
After that, you can set up ports and protocols, which remain open for users and computers
over the internet.
AWS Security Groups are very flexible. You can use the default security group and still
customize it according to your liking (although we don't recommend this practice because
groups should be named according to their purpose.) Or you can create a security group
that you want for your specific applications.
To do this, you can write the corresponding code or use the Amazon EC2 console to make
the process easier.
Reference:
https://www.threatstack.com/blog/aws-security-groups-what-they-are-and-how-to-get-themost- out-of-them
QUESTION 151
Which disaster recovery scenario offers the lowest probability of down time?
A.Backup and restore
B.Pilot light
C.Warm standby
D.Multi-site active-active
Answer: D
Explanation:
Backup and Restore: a simple, straightforward, cost-effective method that backs up and
restores data as needed. Keep in mind that because none of your data is on standby, this
method, while cheap, can be quite time-consuming.
Pilot Light: This method keeps critical applications and data at the ready so that it can be
quickly
retrieved if needed.
Warm Standby: This method keeps a duplicate version of your business' core elements
running on standby at all times, which makes for a little downtime and an almost seamless
transition.
Multi-Site Solution: Also known as a Hot Standby, this method fully replicates your
company's data/applications between two or more active locations and splits your
traffic/usage between them. If a disaster strikes, everything is simply rerouted to the
unaffected area, which means you'll suffer almost zero downtime.
However, by running two separate environments simultaneously, you will obviously incur
much higher costs.
Reference: https://cloudranger.com/best-practices-aws-disaster-recovery-planning/
QUESTION 152
What will help a company perform a cost benefit analysis of migrating to the AWS Cloud?
A.Cost Explorer
B.AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
C.AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS TCO calculators allow you to estimate the cost savings when using AWS and
provide a detailed set of reports that can be used in executive presentations.
The calculators also give you the option to modify assumptions that best meet your
business needs.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/
QUESTION 153
Which of the following provides the ability to share the cost benefits of Reserved
Instances across AWS accounts?
A.AWS Cost Explorer between AWS accounts
B.Linked accounts and consolidated billing
C.Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) Reserved Instance Utilization Report
D.Amazon EC2 Instance Usage Report between AWS accounts
Answer: B
Explanation:
The way that Reserved Instance discounts apply to accounts in an organization's
consolidated billing family depends on whether Reserved Instance sharing is turned on or
off for the account. By default, Reserved Instance sharing for all accounts in an
organization is turned on. You can change this setting by Turning Off Reserved Instance
Sharing for an account.
The capacity reservation for a Reserved Instance applies only to the account the
Reserved Instance was purchased on, regardless of whether Reserved Instance sharing
is turned on or off.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-ri-consolidated-billing/
QUESTION 154
A company has multiple AWS accounts and wants to simplify and consolidate its billing
process.
Which AWS service will achieve this?
A.AWS Cost and Usage Reports
B.AWS Organizations
C.AWS Cost Explorer
D.AWS Budgets
Answer: B
Explanation:
You can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS Organizations to consolidate billing
and payment for multiple AWS accounts or multiple Amazon Internet Services Pvt. Ltd
(AISPL) accounts. Every organization in AWS Organizations has a master (payer)
account that pays the charges of all the member (linked) accounts.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/consolidated-billing.html
QUESTION 155
A company is designing an application hosted in a single AWS Region serving end-users
spread across the world. The company wants to provide the end-users
low latency access to the application data.
Which of the following services will help fulfill this requirement?
A.Amazon CloudFront
B.AWS Direct Connect
C.Amazon Route 53 global DNS
D.Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) transfer acceleration
Answer: A
Explanation:
Cloudfront enables low-latency delivery to the end users by caching the frequently used data to the edge locations. Regarding
DirectConnect- AWS Direct Connect lets you establish a dedicated network connection between your network and one of the AWS
Direct Connect locations.
QUESTION 156
Which of the following deployment models enables customers to fully trade their capital IT
expenses for operational expenses?
A.On-premises
B.Hybrid
C.Cloud
D.Platform as a service
Answer: C
Explanation:
The cloud allows you to trade capital expenses (such as data centers and physical
servers) for variable expenses, and only pay for IT as you consume it. Plus, thevariable
expenses are much lower than what you would pay to do it yourself because of the
economies of scale.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/what-is-cloud-computing/
QUESTION 157
How is asset management on AWS easier than asset management in a physical data
center?
A.AWS provides a Configuration Management Database that users can maintain.
B.AWS performs infrastructure discovery scans on the customer's behalf.
C.Amazon EC2 automatically generates an asset report and places it in the customer's
specified Amazon S3 bucket.
D.Users can gather asset metadata reliably with a few API calls.
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS assets are centrally managed through an inventory management system that stores
and tracks owner, location, status, maintenance, and descriptive information for
AWS-owned assets. Following procurement, assets are scanned and tracked, and assets
undergoing maintenance are checked and monitored for ownership, status, and
resolution.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-center/controls/
QUESTION 158
What feature of Amazon RDS helps to create globally redundant databases?
A.Snapshots
B.Automatic patching and updating
C.Cross-Region read replicas
D.Provisioned IOPS
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/cross-region-read-replicas-for-amazon-rds-for-mysql/
QUESTION 159
Using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to grant access only to the resources
needed to perform a task is a concept known as:
A.restricted access.
B.as-needed access.
C.least privilege access.
D.token access.
Answer: C
Explanation:
When you create IAM policies, follow the standard security advice of granting least
privilege, or granting only the permissions required to perform a task.
Determine what users (and roles) need to do and then craft policies that allow them to
perform only those tasks.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html
QUESTION 160
Which methods can be used to identify AWS costs by departments? (Choose two.)
A.Enable multi-factor authentication for the AWS account root user.
B.Create separate accounts for each department.
C.Use Reserved Instances whenever possible.
D.Use tags to associate each instance with a particular department.
E.Pay bills using purchase orders.
Answer: BD
Explanation:
Tags are key-value pairs that allow you to organize your AWS resources into groups. You
can use tags to:
Visualize information about tagged resources in one place, in conjunction with Resource
Groups.
View billing information using Cost Explorer and the AWS Cost and Usage report.
Send notifications about spending limits using AWS Budgets.
Use logical groupings of your resources that make sense for your infrastructure or
business. For example, you could organize your resources by:
Project
Cost center
Development environment
Application
Department
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/tags-billing-cost-center-proje
ct/
QUESTION 161
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, customer responsibilities include which one
of the following?
A.Securing the hardware, software, facilities, and networks that run all products and
services.
B.Providing certificates, reports, and other documentation directly to AWS customers
under NDA.
C.Configuring the operating system, network, and firewall.
D.Obtaining industry certifications and independent third-party attestations.
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 162
Which managed AWS service provides real-time guidance on AWS security best
practices?
A.AWS X-Ray
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.Amazon CloudWatch
D.AWS Systems Manager
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS offers premium services such as AWS Trusted Advisor, which provides real-time
guidance to help you reduce cost, increase performance, and improve security.
Reference: https://www.ibm.com/downloads/cas/2N40X4PQ
QUESTION 163
Which feature adds elasticity to Amazon EC2 instances to handle the changing demand
for workloads?
A.Resource groups
B.Lifecycle policies
C.Application Load Balancer
D.Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
Answer: D
Explanation:
Support for monitoring the health of each service independently, as health checks are
defined at the target group level and many CloudWatch metrics are reported at the target
group level. Attaching a target group to an Auto Scaling group enables you to scale each
service dynamically based on demand.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/introduction.html
QUESTION 164
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, customers are responsible for which aspects
of security in the cloud? (Choose two.)
A.Visualization management
B.Hardware management
C.Encryption management
D.Facilities management
E.Firewall management
Answer: CE
Explanation:
With the basic Cloud infrastructure secured and maintained by AWS, the responsibility for
what goes into the cloud falls on you. This covers both client and server side encryption
and network traffic protection, security of the operating system, network, and firewall
configuration, followed by application security and identity and access management.
Firewall configuration remains the responsibility of the end user, which integrates at the
platform and application management level. For example, RDS utilizes security groups,
which you would be responsible for configuring and implementing.
Reference: https://cloudacademy.com/blog/aws-shared-responsibility-model-security/
QUESTION 165
Which AWS hybrid storage service enables on-premises applications to seamlessly use
AWS Cloud storage through standard file-storage protocols?
A.AWS Direct Connect
B.AWS Snowball
C.AWS Storage Gateway
D.AWS Snowball Edge
Answer: C
Explanation:
The AWS Storage Gateway service enables hybrid cloud storage between on-premises
environments and the AWS Cloud. It seamlessly integrates on-premises enterprise
applications and workflows with Amazon's block and object cloud storage services
through industry standard storage protocols. It provides low-latency performance by
caching frequently accessed data on premises, while storing data securely and durably in
Amazon cloud storage services. It provides an optimized data transfer mechanism and
bandwidth management, which tolerates unreliable networks and minimizes the amount
of data being transferred. It brings the security, manageability, durability, and scalability of
AWS to existing enterprise environments through native integration with AWS encryption,
identity management, monitoring, and storage services. Typical use cases include backup
and archiving, disaster recovery, moving data to S3 for in-cloud workloads, and tiered
storage.Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/storagegateway/faqs/
QUESTION 166
What is a responsibility of AWS in the shared responsibility model?
A.Updating the network ACLs to block traffic to vulnerable ports.
B.Patching operating systems running on Amazon EC2 instances.
C.Updating the firmware on the underlying EC2 hosts.
D.Updating the security group rules to block traffic to the vulnerable ports.
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://cloudacademy.com/blog/aws-shared-responsibility-model-security/
QUESTION 167
Which architectural principle is used when deploying an Amazon Relational Database
Service (Amazon RDS) instance in Multiple Availability Zone mode?
A.Implement loose coupling.
B.Design for failure.
C.Automate everything that can be automated.
D.Use services, not servers.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Amazon RDS Multi-AZ deployments provide enhanced availability and durability for
Database (DB) Instances, making them a natural fit for production database workloads.
When you provision a Multi-AZ DB Instance, Amazon RDS automatically creates a
primary DB Instance and synchronously replicates the data to a standby instance in a
different Availability Zone (AZ). Each AZ runs on its own physically distinct, independent
infrastructure, and is engineered to be highly reliable. In case of an infrastructure failure,
Amazon RDS performs an automatic failover to the standby (or to a read replica in the
case of Amazon Aurora), so that you can resume database operations as soon as the
failover is complete. Since the endpoint for your DB Instance remains the same after a
failover, your application can resume database operation without the need for manual
administrative intervention.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/rds/details/multi-az/
QUESTION 168
What does it mean to grant least privilege to AWS IAM users?
A.It is granting permissions to a single user only.
B.It is granting permissions using AWS IAM policies only.
C.It is granting AdministratorAccess policy permissions to trustworthy users.
D.It is granting only the permissions required to perform a given task.
Answer: D
Explanation:
When you create IAM policies, follow the standard security advice of granting least
privilege, or granting only the permissions required to perform a task.
Determine what users (and roles) need to do and then craft policies that allow them to
perform only those tasks.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html#grant-least-privil
ege
QUESTION 169
What is a benefit of loose coupling as a principle of cloud architecture design?
A.It facilitates low-latency request handling.
B.It allows applications to have dependent workflows.
C.It prevents cascading failures between different components.
D.It allows companies to focus on their physical data center operations.
Answer: C
Explanation:
IT systems should ideally be designed in a way that reduces inter-dependencies. Your
components need to be loosely coupled to avoid changes or failure in one of the
components from affecting others.
Your infrastructure also needs to have well defined interfaces that allow the various
components to interact with each other only through specific, technology-agnostic
interfaces. Modifying any underlying operations without affecting other components
should be made possible.
Reference: https://www.botmetric.com/blog/aws-cloud-architecture-design-principles/
QUESTION 170
A director has been tasked with investigating hybrid cloud architecture. The company
currently accesses AWS over the public internet.
Which service will facilitate private hybrid connectivity?
A.Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) NAT Gateway
B.AWS Direct Connect
C.Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) Transfer Acceleration
D.AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF)
Answer: B
Explanation:
Amazon VPC provides multiple network connectivity options for you to leverage
depending on your current network designs and requirements. These connectivity options
include leveraging either the internet or an AWS Direct Connect connection as the
network backbone and terminating the connection into either AWS or user-managed
network endpoints. Additionally, with AWS, you can choose how network routing is
delivered between Amazon VPC and your networks, leveraging either AWS or
user-managed network equipment and routes.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-vpc-connectivity-options/introductio
n.html
QUESTION 171
A company's web application currently has tight dependencies on underlying components,
so when one component fails the entire web application fails.
Applying which AWS Cloud design principle will address the current design issue?
A.Implementing elasticity, enabling the application to scale up or scale down as demand
changes.
B.Enabling several EC2 instances to run in parallel to achieve better performance.
C.Focusing on decoupling components by isolating them and ensuring individual
components can function when other components fail.
D.Doubling EC2 computing resources to increase system fault tolerance.
Answer: C
QUESTION 172
How can a customer increase security to AWS account logons? (Choose two.)
A.Configure AWS Certificate Manager
B.Enable Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)
C.Use Amazon Cognito to manage access
D.Configure a strong password policy
E.Enable AWS Organizations
Answer: BD
Explanation:
Cognito does not add additional layer of security. It is using SSO from facebook and AD
etc.they both are additional secure layers for user access. D is generic password
recommendation
QUESTION 173
What AWS service would be used to centrally manage AWS access across multiple
accounts?
A.AWS Service Catalog
B.AWS Config
C.AWS Trusted Advisor
D.AWS Organizations
Answer: D
Explanation:
To improve control over your AWS environment, you can use AWS Organizations to create
groups of accounts, and then attach policies to a group to ensure the correct policies are
applied across the accounts without requiring custom scripts and manual processes.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/
QUESTION 174
Which AWS service can a customer use to set up an alert notification when the account is
approaching a particular dollar amount?
A.AWS Cost and Usage reports
B.AWS Budgets
C.AWS Cost Explorer
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/monitor_estimated_
charges_with_cloudwatch.html
QUESTION 175
What can users access from AWS Artifact?
A.AWS security and compliance documents
B.A download of configuration management details for all AWS resources
C.Training materials for AWS services
D.A security assessment of the applications deployed in the AWS Cloud
Answer: A
Explanation:
You can use AWS Artifact Reports to download AWS security and compliance documents,
such as AWS ISO certifications, Payment Card Industry (PCI), and System and
Organization Control (SOC) reports.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/artifact/faq/
QUESTION 176
Which is the MINIMUM AWS Support plan that provides designated Technical Account
Managers?
A.Enterprise
B.Business
C.Developer
D.Basic
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 177
Which of the following is an AWS Well-Architected Framework design principle related to
reliability?
A.Deployment to a single Availability Zone
B.Ability to recover from failure
C.Design for cost optimization
D.Perform operations as code
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/the-5-pillars-of-the-aws-well-architected-framework/
QUESTION 178
Which type of AWS storage is ephemeral and is deleted when an instance is stopped or
terminated?
A.Amazon EBS
B.Amazon EC2 instance store
C.Amazon EFS
D.Amazon S3
Answer: B
Explanation:
When you stop or terminate an instance, every block of storage in the instance store is
reset. Therefore, your data cannot be accessed through the instance store of another
instance.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/InstanceStorage.html
QUESTION 179
What is an advantage of using the AWS Cloud over a traditional on-premises solution?
A.Users do not have to guess about future capacity needs.
B.Users can utilize existing hardware contracts for purchases.
C.Users can fix costs no matter what their traffic is.
D.Users can avoid audits by using reports from AWS.
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://data-flair.training/blogs/aws-advantages/
QUESTION 180
Which of the following is an AWS-managed compute service?
A.Amazon SWF
B.Amazon EC2
C.AWS Lambda
D.Amazon Aurora
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-overview/compute-services.html
QUESTION 181
Which of the following is an important architectural principle when designing cloud
applications?
A.Store data and backups in the same region.
B.Design tightly coupled system components.
C.Avoid multi-threading.
D.Design for failure
Answer: D
Explanation:
There are six design principles for operational excellence in the cloud:
Perform operations as code
Annotate documentation
Make frequent, small, reversible changes
Refine operations procedures frequently
Anticipate failure
Learn from all operational failures
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/the-5-pillars-of-the-aws-well-architected-framework/
QUESTION 182
Which mechanism allows developers to access AWS services from application code?
A.AWS Software Development Kit
B.AWS Management Console
C.AWS CodePipeline
D.AWS Config
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/tools/
QUESTION 183
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model is the MOST cost efficient for an uninterruptible
workload that runs once a year for 24 hours?
A.On-Demand Instances
B.Reserved Instances
C.Spot Instances
D.Dedicated Instances
Answer: A
Explanation:
With On-Demand instances, you pay for compute capacity by the hour or the second
depending on which instances you run. No longer-term commitments or upfront payments
are needed. You can increase or decrease your compute capacity depending on the
demands of your application and only pay the specified per hourly rates for the instance
you use.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/
QUESTION 184
Which of the following services is a MySQL-compatible database that automatically grows
storage as needed?
A.Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
B.Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) for MySQL
C.Amazon Lightsail
D.Amazon Aurora
Answer: D
Explanation:
Amazon Aurora is a relational database service that combines the speed and availability
of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness of open
source databases. The MySQL- compatible edition of Aurora delivers up to 5X the
throughput of standard MySQL running on the same hardware, and enables existing
MySQL applications and tools to run without requiring modification.
Amazon Aurora will automatically grow the size of your database volume as your
database storage needs grow. Your volume will grow in increments of 10 GB up to a
maximum of 64 TB. You don't need to provision excess storage for your database to
handle future growth.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/rds/aurora/mysql-features/
QUESTION 185
Which Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) feature enables users to connect two
VPCs together?
A.Amazon VPC endpoints
B.Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) ClassicLink
C.Amazon VPC peering
D.AWS Direct Connect
Answer: C
Explanation:
A VPC peering connection is a networking connection between two VPCs that enables
you to route traffic between them using private IPv4 addresses or IPv6 addresses.
Instances in either VPC can communicate with each other as if they are within the same
network. You can create a VPC peering connection between your own VPCs, or with a
VPC in another AWS account. The VPCs can be in different regions (also known as an
inter-region VPC peering connection).
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/peering/what-is-vpc-peering.html
QUESTION 186
Which service's PRIMARY purpose is software version control?
A.Amazon CodeStar
B.AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
C.Amazon Cognito
D.AWS CodeCommit
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS CodeCommit is a version control service hosted by Amazon Web Services that you
can use to privately store and manage assets (such as documents, source code, and
binary files) in the cloud.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codecommit/latest/userguide/welcome.html
QUESTION 187
A company is considering migrating its applications to AWS. The company wants to
compare the cost of running the workload on-premises to running the equivalent workload
on the AWS platform.
Which tool can be used to perform this comparison?
A.AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
B.AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
C.AWS Billing and Cost Management console
D.Cost Explorer
Answer: B
Explanation:
TCO calculator compare the cost of running your applications in an on-premises or
colocation environment to AWS.
Reference: https://awstcocalculator.com
QUESTION 188
Which AWS service provides a secure, fast, and cost-effective way to migrate or transport
exabyte-scale datasets into AWS?
A.AWS Batch
B.AWS Snowball
C.AWS Migration Hub
D.AWS Snowmobile
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS Snowmobile is an exabyte-scale data transfer service that can move extremely large
amounts of data to AWS in a fast, secure, and cost-effective manner.
You can transfer up to 100PB per Snowmobile, a 45-foot long ruggedized shipping
container, pulled by a semi-trailer truck. Snowmobile makes it easy to move massive
volumes of data to the cloud, including video libraries, image repositories, or even a
complete data center migration. All data is encrypted with 256-bit encryption and you can
manage your encryption keys with AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS).
Snowmobile includes GPS tracking, alarm monitoring,
24/7 video surveillance and an optional escort security vehicle while in transit.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2016/11/move-exabyte-scale-data-sets-wi
th- aws-snowmobile/
QUESTION 189
Which of the following BEST describe the AWS pricing model? (Choose two.)
A.Fixed-term
B.Pay-as-you-go
C.Colocation
D.Planned
E.Variable cost
Answer: BE
Explanation:
https://docs.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws_pricing_overview.pdf
QUESTION 190
Which load balancer types are available with Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)? (Choose
two.)
A.Public load balancers with AWS Application Auto Scaling capabilities
B.F5 Big-IP and Citrix NetScaler load balancers
C.Classic Load Balancers
D.Cross-zone load balancers with public and private IPs
E.Application Load Balancers
Answer: CE
Explanation:
Elastic Load Balancing supports the following types of load balancers: Application Load
Balancers, Network Load Balancers, and Classic Load Balancers.
Amazon ECS services can use either type of load balancer. Application Load Balancers
are used to route HTTP/HTTPS (or Layer 7) traffic. Network Load Balancers and Classic
Load Balancers are used to route TCP (or Layer 4) traffic.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/load-balancer-types.ht
ml
QUESTION 191
Why should a company choose AWS instead of a traditional data center?
A.AWS provides users with full control over the underlying resources.
B.AWS does not require long-term contracts and provides a pay-as-you-go model.
C.AWS offers edge locations in every country, supporting global reach.
D.AWS has no limits on the number of resources that can be created.
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS offers you a pay-as-you-go approach for pricing for over 160 cloud services. With
AWS you pay only for the individual services you need, for as long as you use them, and
without requiring long-term contracts or complex licensing. AWS pricing is similar to how
you pay for utilities like water and electricity. You only pay for the services you consume,
and once you stop using them, there are no additional costs or termination fees.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/
QUESTION 192
Which solution provides the FASTEST application response times to frequently accessed
data to users in multiple AWS Regions?
A.AWS CloudTrail across multiple Availability Zones
B.Amazon CloudFront to edge locations
C.AWS CloudFormation in multiple regions
D.A virtual private gateway over AWS Direct Connect
Answer: B
Explanation:
You can deliver content and decrease end-user latency of your web application using
Amazon CloudFront. CloudFront speeds up content delivery by leveraging its global
network of data centers, known as edge locations, to reduce delivery time by caching your
content close to your end users. CloudFront fetches your content from an origin, such as
an Amazon S3 bucket, an Amazon EC2 instance, an Amazon Elastic Load Balancing load
balancer or your own web server, when it's not already in an edge location.
CloudFront can be used to deliver your entire website or application, including dynamic,
static, streaming, and interactive content.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tutorials/deliver-content-faster/
QUESTION 193
Which AWS service provides a self-service portal for on-demand access to AWS
compliance reports?
A.AWS Config
B.AWS Certificate Manager
C.Amazon Inspector
D.AWS Artifact
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that

matters to you. It provides on-demand access to AWS' security and compliance reports
and select online agreements.
Reports available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports,
Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across
geographies and compliance verticals that validate the implementation and operating
effectiveness of AWS security controls.
Agreements available in AWS Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA)
and the Nondisclosure Agreement (NDA).
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/artifact/
QUESTION 194
Which of the following AWS services can be used to run a self-managed database?
A. Amazon Route 53
B. AWS X-Ray
C.AWS Snowmobile
D.Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://severalnines.com/news/aws-users-prefer-self-managed-databases
QUESTION 195
What exclusive benefit is provided to users with Enterprise Support?
A.Access to a Technical Project Manager
B.Access to a Technical Account Manager
C.Access to a Cloud Support Engineer
D.Access to a Solutions Architect
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/enterprise/
QUESTION 196
How can a user protect against AWS service disruptions if a natural disaster affects an
entire geographic area?
A.Deploy applications across multiple Availability Zones within an AWS Region.
B.Use a hybrid cloud computing deployment model within the geographic area.
C.Deploy applications across multiple AWS Regions.
D.Store application artifacts using AWS Artifact and replicate them across multiple AWS
Regions.
Answer: C
Explanation:
An AWS Region is a geographic location where AWS provides multiple, physically
separated and isolated Availability Zones which are connected with low latency, high
throughput, and highly redundant networking.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/s3/faqs/
QUESTION 197
How does AWS MOST effectively reduce computing costs for a growing start-up
company?
A.It provides on-demand resources for peak usage.
B.It automates the provisioning of individual developer environments.
C.It automates customer relationship management.
D.It implements a fixed monthly computing budget.
Answer: A
Explanation:
You can continue to optimize your spend and keep your development costs low by making
sure you revisit your architecture often, to adjust to your startup growth.
Manage your cost further by leveraging different options such as S3 CloudFront for
caching & offloading to reduce cost of EC2 computing, as well as Elastic Load Balancing
which prepares you for massive scale, high reliability and uninterrupted growth.
Another way to keep costs down is to use AWS Identity and Access Management
solutions (IAM) to manage governance of your cost drivers effectively and by the right
teams.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/startups/lean/
QUESTION 198
A startup is working on a new application that needs to go to market quickly. The
application requirements may need to be adjusted in the near future.
Which of the following is a characteristic of the AWS Cloud that would meet this specific
need?
A.Elasticity
B.Reliability
C.Performance
D.Agility
Answer: D
Explanation:
Agile is a time boxed, iterative approach to software delivery that builds software
incrementally from the start of the project, instead of trying to deliver it all at once near the
end.
Reference: http://www.agilenutshell.com
QUESTION 199
Which AWS Support plan provides a full set of AWS Trusted Advisor checks?
A.Business and Developer Support
B.Business and Basic Support
C.Enterprise and Developer Support
D.Enterprise and Business Support
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 200
Which of the following services have Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) mitigation
features? (Choose two.)
A.AWS WAF
B.Amazon DynamoDB
C.Amazon EC2
D.Amazon CloudFront
E.Amazon Inspector
Answer: AD
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/shield/
QUESTION 201
When building a cloud Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) model, which cost elements should
be considered for workloads running on AWS? (Choose three.)
A.Compute costs
B.Facilities costs
C.Storage costs
D.Data transfer costs
E.Network infrastructure costs
F.Hardware lifecycle costs
Answer: ACD
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/the-new-aws-tco-calculator/
QUESTION 202
What time-savings advantage is offered with the use of Amazon Rekognition?
A.Amazon Rekognition provides automatic watermarking of images.
B.Amazon Rekognition provides automatic detection of objects appearing in pictures.
C.Amazon Rekognition provides the ability to resize millions of images automatically.
D.Amazon Rekognition uses Amazon Mechanical Turk to allow humans to bid on object
detection jobs.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Rekognition Image is an image recognition service that detects objects, scenes, and faces;
extracts text; recognizes celebrities; and identifies inappropriate content in images. It also
allows you to search and compare faces. Rekognition Image is based on the same proven,
highly scalable, deep learning technology developed by Amazon's computer vision
scientists to analyze billions of images daily for Prime Photos.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/rekognition/faqs/
QUESTION 203
When comparing AWS with on-premises Total Cost of Ownership (TCO), what costs are
included?
A.Data center security
B.Business analysis
C.Project management
D.Operating system administration
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://www.awstcocalculator.com/Output/Load/f85bbf7e131446643911859504
QUESTION 204
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, what is AWS responsible for?
A.Configuring Amazon VPC
B.Managing application code
C.Maintaining application traffic
D.Managing the network infrastructure
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://cloudacademy.com/blog/aws-shared-responsibility-model-security/
QUESTION 205
Which service should be used to estimate the costs of running a new project on AWS?
A.AWS TCO Calculator
B.AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
C.AWS Cost Explorer API
D.AWS Budgets
Answer: B
Explanation:
To forecast your costs, use the AWS Cost Explorer. Use cost allocation tags to divide your
resources into groups, and then estimate the costs for each group.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/estimating-aws-resource-cos
ts/
QUESTION 206
Which AWS tool will identify security groups that grant unrestricted Internet access to a
limited list of ports?
A.AWS Organizations
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.AWS Usage Report
D.Amazon EC2 dashboard
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://www.amazonaws.cn/en/support/trustedadvisor/best-practices/#security
QUESTION 207
Which AWS service can be used to generate alerts based on an estimated monthly bill?
A.AWS Config
B.Amazon CloudWatch
C.AWS X-Ray
D.AWS CloudTrail
Answer: B
Explanation:
You can monitor your estimated AWS charges by using Amazon CloudWatch. When you
enable the monitoring of estimated charges for your AWS account, the estimated charges
are calculated and sent several times daily to CloudWatch as metric data.
Billing metric data is stored in the US East (N. Virginia) Region and represents worldwide
charges. This data includes the estimated charges for every service in AWS that you use,
in addition to the estimated overall total of your AWS charges.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/monitor_estimated_
charges_with_cloudwatch.html
QUESTION 208
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model offers the MOST significant discount when compared
to On-Demand Instances?
A.Partial Upfront Reserved Instances for a 1-year term
B.All Upfront Reserved Instances for a 1-year term
C.All Upfront Reserved Instances for a 3-year term
D.No Upfront Reserved Instances for a 3-year term
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/reserved-instances/
QUESTION 209
Which of the following is the responsibility of AWS?
A.Setting up AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) users and groups
B.Physically destroying storage media at end of life
C.Patching guest operating systems
D.Configuring security settings on Amazon EC2 instances
Answer: B
Explanation:
Media storage devices used to store customer data are classified by AWS as Critical and
treated accordingly, as high impact, throughout their life-cycles. AWS has exacting
standards on how to install, service, and eventually destroy the devices when they are no
longer useful. When a storage device has reached the end of its useful life, AWS
decommissions media using techniques detailed in NIST 800-88.
Media that stored customer data is not removed from AWS control until it has been
securely decommissioned.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/data-center/controls/
QUESTION 210
Which of the following is an advantage of using AWS?
A.AWS audits user data.
B.Data is automatically secure.
C.There is no guessing on capacity needs.
D.AWS manages compliance needs.
Answer: C
Explanation:
Stop guessing capacity  Eliminate guessing on your infrastructure capacity needs. When you make a capacity
decision prior to deploying an application, you often end up either sitting on expensive idle resources or
dealing with limited capacity. With cloud computing, these problems go away. You can access as much or as
little capacity as you need, and scale up and down as required with only a few minutes notice.
QUESTION 211
Which AWS service would a customer use with a static website to achieve lower latency
and high transfer speeds?
A.AWS Lambda
B.Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator
C.Amazon Route 53
D.Amazon CloudFront
Answer: D
Explanation:
Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely
delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency, high
transfer speeds, all within a developer- friendly environment. CloudFront is integrated with
AWS both physical locations that are directly connected to the AWS global infrastructure,
as well as other AWS services.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/
QUESTION 212
Which services manage and automate application deployments on AWS? (Choose two.)
A.AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B.AWS CodeCommit
C.AWS Data Pipeline
D.AWS CloudFormation
E.AWS Config
Answer: AD
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tutorials/continuous-deployment-pipeline/
QUESTION 213
A user wants guidance on possible savings when migrating from on-premises to AWS.
Which tool is suitable for this scenario?
A.AWS Budgets
B.Cost Explorer
C.AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
D.AWS Well-Architected Tool
Answer: C
Explanation:
The TCO Calculator provides directional guidance on possible realized savings when
deploying AWS. This tool is built on an underlying calculation model, that generates a fair
assessment of value that a customer may achieve given the data provided by the user.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/
QUESTION 214
Which principles are used to architect applications for reliability on the AWS Cloud?
(Choose two.)
A.Design for automated failure recovery
B.Use multiple Availability Zones
C.Manage changes via documented processes
D.Test for moderate demand to ensure reliability
E.Backup recovery to an on-premises environment
Answer: AB
Explanation:
C is wrong under reliability Mange documents in automation process and not document process
QUESTION 215
What tasks should a customer perform when that customer suspects an AWS account has
been compromised? (Choose two.)
A.Rotate passwords and access keys.
B.Remove MFA tokens.
C.Move resources to a different AWS Region.
D.Delete AWS CloudTrail Resources.
E.Contact AWS Support.
Answer: AE
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/potential-account-compromi
se/
QUESTION 216
What is an example of high availability in the AWS Cloud?
A.Consulting AWS technical support at any time day or night
B.Ensuring an application remains accessible, even if a resource fails
C.Making any AWS service available for use by paying on demand
D.Deploying in any part of the world using AWS Regions
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/startups/high-availability-for-mere-mortals/
QUESTION 217
Which AWS security service protects applications from distributed denial of service
attacks with always-on detection and automatic inline mitigations?
A.Amazon Inspector
B.AWS Web Application Firewall (AWS WAF)
C.Elastic Load Balancing (ELB)
D.AWS Shield
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS Shield is a managed Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) protection service that
safeguards applications running on AWS. AWS Shield provides always-on detection and
automatic inline mitigations that minimize application downtime and latency, so there is no
need to engage AWS Support to benefit from DDoS protection. There are two tiers of AWS
Shield - Standard and Advanced.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/shield/
QUESTION 218
A company wants to monitor the CPU usage of its Amazon EC2 resources.
Which AWS service should the company use?
A.AWS CloudTrail
B.Amazon CloudWatch
C.AWS Cost and Usage report
D.Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
Answer: B
Explanation:
With Basic monitoring you get data on your cloudwatch metrics every 5 minutes. Enabling
detailed monitoring, you will get the data every one minute.
To check if detailed monitoring is enabled, on your EC2 Console, Select the instance, on
the lower plane, Select Monitoring.
Reference: https://forums.aws.amazon.com/thread.jspa?threadID=263876
QUESTION 219
What is an AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) role?
A.A user associated with an AWS resource
B.A group associated with an AWS resource
C.An entity that defines a set of permissions for use with an AWS resource
D.An authentication credential associated with a multi-factor authentication (MFA) token
Answer: C
Explanation:
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) enables you to manage access to AWS
services and resources securely. Using IAM, you can create and manage
AWS users and groups, and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS
resources.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/iam/
QUESTION 220
What are the advantages of Reserved Instances? (Choose two.)
A.They provide a discount over on-demand pricing.
B.They provide access to additional instance types.
C.They provide additional networking capability.
D.Customers can upgrade instances as new types become available.
E.Customers can reserve capacity in an Availability Zone.
Answer: AE
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-ri-basics/
QUESTION 221
How do Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups help achieve high availability for a web
application?
A.They automatically add more instances across multiple AWS Regions based on global
demand of the application.
B.They automatically add or replace instances across multiple Availability Zones when the
application needs it.
C.They enable the application's static content to reside closer to end users.
D.They are able to distribute incoming requests across a tier of web server instances.
Answer: B
Explanation:
When the unhealthy Availability Zone returns to a healthy state, Auto Scaling
automatically redistributes the application instances evenly across all of the designated
Availability Zones.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/auto-scaling-benefits.html
QUESTION 222
How can one AWS account use Reserved Instances from another AWS account?
A.By using Amazon EC2 Dedicated Instances
B.By using AWS Organizations consolidated billing
C.By using the AWS Cost Explorer tool
D.By using AWS Budgets
Answer: B
Explanation:
The account that originally purchased the Reserved Instance receives the discount first. If
the purchasing account doesn't have any instances that match the terms of the Reserved
Instance, the discount for the Reserved Instance is assigned to any matching usage on
another account in the organization.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-ri-consolidated-billing/
QUESTION 223
A customer runs an On-Demand Amazon Linux EC2 instance for 3 hours, 5 minutes, and
6 seconds.
For how much time will the customer be billed?
A.3 hours, 5 minutes
B.3 hours, 5 minutes, and 6 seconds
C.3 hours, 6 minutes
D.4 hours
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/on-demand/ "Pricing is per instance-hour consumed for each instance,
from the time an instance is launched until it is terminated or stopped. Each partial instance-hour consumed
will be billed per-second for Linux Instances and as a full hour for all other instance types."
QUESTION 224
Which of the following AWS services provide compute resources? (Choose two.)
A.AWS Lambda
B.Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
C.AWS CodeDeploy
D.Amazon Glacier
E.AWS Organizations
Answer: AB
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-overview/compute-services.html
QUESTION 225
Which AWS service enables users to deploy infrastructure as code by automating the
process of provisioning resources?
A.Amazon GameLift
B.AWS CloudFormation
C.AWS Data Pipeline
D.AWS Glue
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for you to model and provision AWS
and third party application resources in your cloud environment. AWS CloudFormation
allows you to use programming languages or a simple text file to model and provision, in
an automated and secure manner, all the resources needed for your applications across
all regions and accounts. This gives you a single source of truth for your AWS and third
party resources.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/
QUESTION 226
Which AWS services provide a way to extend an on-premises architecture to the AWS
Cloud? (Choose two.)
A.Amazon EBS
B.AWS Direct Connect
C.Amazon CloudFront
D.AWS Storage Gateway
E.Amazon Connect
Answer: BD
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/hybrid/
QUESTION 227
Which of the following allows users to provision a dedicated network connection from their
internal network to AWS?
A.AWS CloudHSM
B.AWS Direct Connect
C.AWS VPN
D.Amazon Connect
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS Direct Connect lets you establish a dedicated network connection between your
network and one of the AWS Direct Connect locations. Using industry standard 802.1q
VLANs, this dedicated connection can be partitioned into multiple virtual interfaces. This
allows you to use the same connection to access public resources such as objects stored
in Amazon S3 using public IP address space, and private resources such as Amazon EC2
instances running within an Amazon
Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) using private IP space, while maintaining network separation
between the public and private environments. Virtual interfaces can be reconfigured at
any time to meet your changing needs.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/
QUESTION 228
Which services use AWS edge locations? (Choose two.)
A.Amazon CloudFront
B.AWS Shield
C.Amazon EC2
D.Amazon RDS
E.Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: AC
Explanation:https://www.edureka.co/community/600/what-is-an-edge-location-in-aws
QUESTION 229
Which service would provide network connectivity in a hybrid architecture that includes
the AWS Cloud?
A.Amazon VPC
B.AWS Direct Connect
C.AWS Directory Service
D.Amazon API Gateway
Answer: B
Explanation:
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) is a logically isolated, private section of the
AWS Cloud to launch resources in a virtual data center in the cloud.
Amazon VPC allows you to leverage multiple Availability Zones (AZ) within a region so
that you can build greater fault tolerance within your workloads.
You have complete control.
Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/publicsector/aws-networking-capabilities-gives-you-choice
s-for- hybrid-cloud-connectivity-but-which-service-worksbest-for-your-use-case/
QUESTION 230
Which tool can be used to compare the costs of running a web application in a traditional
hosting environment to running it on AWS?
A.AWS Cost Explorer
B.AWS Budgets
C.AWS Cost and Usage report
D.AWS Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) Calculator
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/
QUESTION 231
What is the value of using third-party software from AWS Marketplace instead of installing
third-party software on Amazon EC2? (Choose two.)
A.Users pay for software by the hour or month depending on licensing.
B.AWS Marketplace enables the user to launch applications with 1-Click.
C.AWS Marketplace data encryption is managed by a third-party vendor.
D.AWS Marketplace eliminates the need to upgrade to newer software versions.
E.Users can deploy third-party software without testing.
Answer: AB
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/partners/aws-marketplace/
QUESTION 232
Which of the following is a cloud architectural design principle?
A.Scale up, not out.
B.Loosely couple components.
C.Build monolithic systems.
D.Use commercial database software.
Answer: B
Explanation:
Loosely coupled architectures reduce interdependencies, so that a change or failure in a
component does not cascade to other components.
Reference:
https://aws-certified-cloud-practitioner.fandom.com/wiki/1.3_List_the_different_cloud_arc
hitecture_design_principles
QUESTION 233
Under the shared responsibility model; which of the following areas are the customer's
responsibility? (Choose two.)
A.Firmware upgrades of network infrastructure
B.Patching of operating systems
C.Patching of the underlying hypervisor
D.Physical security of data centers
E.Configuration of the security group
Answer: BE
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 234
Which service enables customers to audit and monitor changes in AWS resources?
A.AWS Trusted Advisor
B.Amazon GuardDuty
C.Amazon Inspector
D.AWS Config
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS Config is a service that enables you to assess, audit, and evaluate the
configurations of your AWS resources. Config continuously monitors and records your
AWS resource configurations and allows you to automate the evaluation of recorded
configurations against desired configurations. With Config, you can review changes in
configurations and relationships between AWS resources, dive into detailed resource
configuration histories, and determine your overall compliance
against the configurations specified in your internal guidelines. This enables you to
simplify compliance auditing, security analysis, change management, and operational
troubleshooting.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/config/
QUESTION 235
Which AWS service identifies security groups that allow unrestricted access to a user's
AWS resources?
A.AWS CloudTrail
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.Amazon CloudWatch
D.Amazon Inspector
Answer: B
QUESTION 236
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, who is responsible for configuration
management?
A.It is solely the responsibility of the customer.
B.It is solely the responsibility of AWS.
C.It is shared between AWS and the customer.
D.It is not part of the AWS shared responsibility model.
Answer: C
Explanation:
AWS maintains the configuration of its infrastructure devices, but a customer is
responsible for configuring their own guest operating systems, databases, and
applications.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 237
Which AWS service is a content delivery network that securely delivers data, video, and
applications to users globally with low latency and high speeds?
A.AWS CloudFormation
B.AWS Direct Connect
C.Amazon CloudFront
D.Amazon Pinpoint
Answer: C
Explanation:
Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network (CDN) service that securely
delivers data, videos, applications, and APIs to customers globally with low latency, high
transfer speeds, all within a developer- friendly environment. CloudFront is integrated with
AWS both physical locations that are directly connected to the AWS global infrastructure,
as well as other AWS services.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/
QUESTION 238
Which benefit of the AWS Cloud supports matching the supply of resources with changing
workload demands?
A.Security
B.Reliability
C.Elasticity
D.High availability
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://wa.aws.amazon.com/wat.map.en.html
QUESTION 239
A user is running an application on AWS and notices that one or more AWS-owned IP
addresses is involved in a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack.
Who should the user contact FIRST about this situation?
A.AWS Premium Support
B.AWS Technical Account Manager
C.AWS Solutions Architect
D.AWS Abuse team
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/report-aws-abuse/
QUESTION 240
Which of the following are benefits of hosting infrastructure in the AWS Cloud? (Choose
two.)
A.There are no upfront commitments.
B.AWS manages all security in the cloud.
C.Users have the ability to provision resources on demand.
D.Users have access to free and unlimited storage.
E.Users have control over the physical infrastructure.
Answer: AC
QUESTION 241
What AWS service would be used to centrally manage AWS access policies across
multiple accounts?
A.AWS Service Catalog
B.AWS Config
C.AWS Trusted Advisor
D.AWS Organizations
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS Organizations helps you centrally govern your environment as you grow and scale
your workloads on AWS. Whether you are a growing startup or a large enterprise,
Organizations helps you to centrally manage billing; control access, compliance, and
security; and share resources across your AWS accounts.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/
QUESTION 242
What is AWS Trusted Advisor?
A.It is an AWS staff member who provides recommendations and best practices on how to
use AWS.
B.It is a network of AWS partners who provide recommendations and best practices on
how to use AWS.
C.It is an online tool with a set of automated checks that provides recommendations on
cost optimization, performance, and security.
D.It is another name for AWS Technical Account Managers who provide recommendations
on cost optimization, performance, and security.
Answer: C
Explanation:
AWS Trusted Advisor is an online tool that provides you real time guidance to help you
provision your resources following AWS best practices.
Whether establishing new workflows, developing applications, or as part of ongoing
improvement, take advantage of the recommendations provided by Trusted
Advisor on a regular basis to help keep your solutions provisioned optimally.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/trusted-advisor/
QUESTION 243
Which AWS service or feature allows a company to visualize, understand, and manage
AWS costs and usage over time?
A.AWS Budgets
B.AWS Cost Explorer
C.AWS Organizations
D.Consolidated billing
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS Cost Explorer has an easy-to-use interface that lets you visualize, understand, and
manage your AWS costs and usage over time.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-cost-explorer/
QUESTION 244
Which AWS service offers on-demand access to AWS security and compliance reports?
A.AWS CloudTrail
B.AWS Artifact
C.AWS Health
D.Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS Artifact is your go-to, central resource for compliance-related information that
matters to you. It provides on-demand access to AWS' security and compliance reports
and select online agreements.
Reports available in AWS Artifact include our Service Organization Control (SOC) reports,
Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports, and certifications from accreditation bodies across
geographies and compliance verticals that validate the implementation and operating
effectiveness of AWS security controls.
Agreements available in AWS Artifact include the Business Associate Addendum (BAA)
and the Nondisclosure Agreement (NDA).
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/artifact/
QUESTION 245
What are the benefits of using the AWS Cloud for companies with customers in many
countries around the world? (Choose two.)
A. Companies can deploy applications in multiple AWS Regions to reduce latency.
B. Amazon Translate automatically translates third-party website interfaces into multiple
languages.
C. Amazon CloudFront has multiple edge locations around the world to reduce latency.
D. Amazon Comprehend allows users to build applications that can respond to user
requests in many languages.
E. Elastic Load Balancing can distribute application web traffic to multiple AWS Regions
around the world, which reduces latency.
Answer: AC
QUESTION 246
Which AWS service handles the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load
balancing, Auto Scaling, and application health monitoring?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. Amazon Route 53
D. Amazon CloudFront
Answer: B
Explanation:
Upload your code and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment, from
capacity provisioning,load balancing, auto-scaling to application health monitoring. At the
same time, you retain full control over the AWS resources powering your application and
can access the underlying resources at any time.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/
QUESTION 247
Which AWS service provides inbound and outbound network ACLs to harden external
connectivity to Amazon EC2?
A. AWS IAM
B. Amazon Connect
C. Amazon VPC
D. Amazon API Gateway
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Security.html
QUESTION 248
When a company provisions web servers in multiple AWS Regions, what is being
increased?
A. Coupling
B. Availability
C. Security
D. Durability
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zone
s.html
QUESTION 249
The pay-as-you-go pricing model for AWS services:
A. reduces capital expenditures.
B. requires payment up front for AWS services.
C. is relevant only for Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, and Amazon RDS.
D. reduces operational expenditures.
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://www.10thmagnitude.com/opex-vs-capex-the-real-cloud-computing-cost-advantage
/
QUESTION 250
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, AWS is responsible for which security-related
task?
A. Lifecycle management of IAM credentials
B. Physical security of global infrastructure
C. Encryption of Amazon EBS volumes
D. Firewall configuration
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://cloudacademy.com/blog/aws-shared-responsibility-model-security/
QUESTION 251
Which AWS service enables users to consolidate billing across multiple accounts?
A. Amazon QuickSight
B. AWS Organizations
C. AWS Budgets
D. Amazon Forecast
Answer: B
Explanation:
You can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS Organizations to consolidate billing
and payment for multiple AWS accounts or multiple Amazon Internet Services Pvt. Ltd
(AISPL) accounts. Every organization in AWS Organizations has a master (payer)
account that pays the charges of all the member(linked) accounts.
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/consolidated-billing.html
QUESTION 252
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is an example of
security in the AWS Cloud?
A. Managing edge locations
B. Physical security
C. Firewall configuration
D. Global infrastructure
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 253
How can an AWS user with an AWS Basic Support plan obtain technical assistance from
AWS?
A. AWS Senior Support Engineers
B. AWS Technical Account Managers
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Discussion Forums
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/faqs/
QUESTION 254
Which of the following are pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Choose two.)
A. Multiple Availability Zones
B. Performance efficiency
C. Security
D. Encryption usage
E. High availability
Answer: BC
Explanation:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/architecture/AWS_Well-Architected_Framework.pdf
(5)
QUESTION 255
After selecting an Amazon EC2 Dedicated Host reservation, which pricing option would
provide the largest discount?
A. No upfront payment
B. Hourly on-demand payment
C. Partial upfront payment
D. All upfront payment
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/reserved-instances/pricing/
QUESTION 256
What is an advantage of deploying an application across multiple Availability Zones?
A. There is a lower risk of service failure if a natural disaster causes a service disruption in
a given AWS Region.
B. The application will have higher availability because it can withstand a service
disruption in one Availability Zone.
C. There will be better coverage as Availability Zones are geographically distant and can
serve a wider area.
D. There will be decreased application latency that will improve the user experience.
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zone
s.html
QUESTION 257
A Cloud Practitioner is asked how to estimate the cost of using a new application on AWS.
What is the MOST appropriate response?
A. Inform the user that AWS pricing allows for on-demand pricing.
B. Direct the user to the AWS Simple Monthly Calculator for an estimate.
C. Use Amazon QuickSight to analyze current spending on-premises.
D. Use Amazon AppStream 2.0 for real-time pricing analytics.
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/estimating-aws-resource-cos
ts/
QUESTION 258
A company wants to migrate its applications to a VPC on AWS. These applications will
need to access onpremises resources.
What combination of actions will enable the company to accomplish this goal? (Choose
two.)
A. Use the AWS Service Catalog to identify a list of on-premises resources that can be
migrated.
B. Build a VPN connection between an on-premises device and a virtual private gateway
in the new VPC.
C. Use Amazon Athena to query data from the on-premises database servers.
D. Connect the company's on-premises data center to AWS using AWS Direct Connect.
E. Leverage Amazon CloudFront to restrict access to static web content provided through
the company's on-premises web servers.
Answer: BD
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/amazon-vpc-for-on-premises-network-engineers-partone/
QUESTION 259
A web application running on AWS has been spammed with malicious requests from a
recurring set of IP addresses.
Which AWS service can help secure the application and block the malicious traffic?
A. AWS IAM
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
D. AWS WAF
Answer: D
Explanation:
AWS WAF is a web application firewall that helps protect web applications from common
web exploits that could affect application availability, compromise security, or consume
excessive resources. You can use AWS WAF to define customizable web security rules
that control which traffic accesses your web applications. If you use AWS Shield Advanced,
you can use AWS WAF at no extra cost for those protected resources and can engage the
DRT to create WAF rules.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/answers/networking/aws-ddos-attack-mitigation/
QUESTION 260
Treating infrastructure as code in the AWS Cloud allows users to:
A. automate migration of on-premises hardware to AWS data centers.
B. let a third party automate an audit of the AWS infrastructure.
C. turn over application code to AWS so it can run on the AWS infrastructure.
D. automate the infrastructure provisioning process.
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://asperbrothers.com/blog/infrastructure-as-code-aws/
QUESTION 261
A company requires a dedicated network connection between its on-premises servers and
the AWS Cloud.
Which AWS service should be used?
A. AWS VPN
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. Amazon API Gateway
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: B
Explanation:
You can use AWS Direct Connect to establish a private virtual interface from your
on-premise network directly to your Amazon VPC, providing you with a private, high
bandwidth network connection between your network and your VPC. With multiple virtual
interfaces, you can even establish private connectivity to multiple VPCs while maintaining
network isolation.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/
QUESTION 262
Which AWS service can be used to query stored datasets directly from Amazon S3 using
standard SQL?
A. AWS Glue
B. AWS Data Pipeline
C. Amazon CloudSearch
D. Amazon Athena
Answer: D
Explanation:
Amazon Athena is defined as "an interactive query service that makes it easy to analyse
data directly in Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) using standard SQL." So,
it's another SQL query engine for large data sets stored in S3. This is very similar to other
SQL query engines, such as Apache Drill. But unlike Apache Drill, Athena is limited to data
only from Amazon's own S3 storage service. However, Athena is able to query a variety of
file formats, including, but not limited to CSV, Parquet, JSON, etc.
QUESTION 263
AWS CloudFormation is designed to help the user:
A. model and provision resources.
B. update application code.
C. set up data lakes.
D. create reports for billing.
Answer: A
Explanation:
AWS CloudFormation provides a common language for you to model and provision AWS
and third party application resources in your cloud environment. AWS CloudFormation
allows you to use programming languages or a simple text file to model and provision, in
an automated and secure manner, all the resources needed for your applications across
all regions and accounts. This gives you a single source of truth for your AWS and third
party resources.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/
QUESTION 264
Which of the following is an AWS database service?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
C. Amazon S3 Glacier
D. AWS Snowball
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://www.sisense.com/glossary/redshift-database/
QUESTION 265
A Cloud Practitioner must determine if any security groups in an AWS account have been
provisioned to allow unrestricted access for specific ports.
What is the SIMPLEST way to do this?
A. Review the inbound rules for each security group in the Amazon EC2 management
console to check for port 0.0.0.0/0.
B. Run AWS Trusted Advisor and review the findings.
C. Open the AWS IAM console and check the inbound rule filters for open access.
D. In AWS Config, create a custom rule that invokes an AWS Lambda function to review
rules for inbound access.
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/ec2-security-groups.html
QUESTION 266
What are the benefits of developing and running a new application in the AWS Cloud
compared to onpremises? (Choose two.)
A. AWS automatically distributes the data globally for higher durability.
B. AWS will take care of operating the application.
C. AWS makes it easy to architect for high availability.
D. AWS can easily accommodate application demand changes.
E. AWS takes care application security patching.
Answer: CD
QUESTION 267
A user needs an automated security assessment report that will identify unintended
network access to Amazon EC2 instances and vulnerabilities on those instances.
Which AWS service will provide this assessment report?
A. EC2 security groups
B. AWS Config
C. Amazon Macie
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: D
Explanation:
Amazon Inspector is an automated security assessment service that helps improve the
security and compliance of applications deployed on AWS. Amazon Inspector
automatically assesses applications for exposure, vulnerabilities, and deviations from best
practices. After performing an assessment, Amazon Inspector produces a detailed list of
security findings prioritized by level of severity. These findings can be reviewed directly or
as part of detailed assessment reports which are available via the Amazon Inspector
console or API.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/inspector/
QUESTION 268
How can a company isolate the costs of production and non-production workloads on
AWS?
A. Create Identity and Access Management (IAM) roles for production and non-production
workloads.
B. Use different accounts for production and non-production expenses.
C. Use Amazon EC2 for non-production workloads and other services for production
workloads.
D. Use Amazon CloudWatch to monitor the use of services.
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/answers/account-management/aws-multi-account-billing-strateg
y/
QUESTION 269
Where can users find a catalog of AWS-recognized providers of third-party security
solutions?
A. AWS Service Catalog
B. AWS Marketplace
C. AWS Quick Start
D. AWS CodeDeploy
Answer: B
QUESTION 270
A Cloud Practitioner needs to store data for 7 years to meet regulatory requirements.
Which AWS service will meet this requirement at the LOWEST cost?
A. Amazon S3
B. AWS Snowball
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon S3 Glacier
Answer: D
Explanation:
S3 Glacier Deep Archive is Amazon S3's lowest-cost storage class and supports
long-term retention and digital preservation for data that may be accessed once or twice in
a year. It is designed for customers --particularly those in highly-regulated industries, such
as the Financial Services, Healthcare, and Public Sectors --that retain data sets for 7-10
years or longer to meet regulatory compliance requirements. S3 Glacier Deep Archive can
also be used for backup and disaster recovery use cases, and is a cost-effective and
easy-to-manage alternative to magnetic tape systems, whether they are on-premises
libraries or offpremises services.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/s3/storage-classes/
QUESTION 271
What are the immediate benefits of using the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. Increased IT staff.
B. Capital expenses are replaced with variable expenses.
C. User control of infrastructure.
D. Increased agility.
E. AWS holds responsibility for security in the cloud.
Answer: BD
QUESTION 272
Which security service automatically recognizes and classifies sensitive data or
intellectual property on AWS?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. Amazon Macie
C. Amazon Inspector
D. AWS Shield
Answer: B
Explanation:
Amazon Macie is a security service that uses machine learning to automatically discover,
classify, and protect sensitive data in AWS. Macie recognizes sensitive data such as
personally identifiable information (PII) or intellectual property. It provides you with
dashboards and alerts that give visibility into how this data is being accessed or moved.
Reference: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/macie/latest/userguide/what-is-macie.html
QUESTION 273
What is the purpose of AWS Storage Gateway?
A. It ensures on-premises data storage is 99.999999999% durable.
B. It transports petabytes of data to and from AWS.
C. It connects to multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
D. It connects on-premises data storage to the AWS Cloud.
Answer: D
Explanation:
Moving data to the cloud is not quite as simple as flipping a switch. For companies that
have managed their own data centers or server rooms for decades, there are a few steps
to consider --and it's not always wise to pull the plug on an internal infrastructure quite so
quickly. If a startup uses on-premise business servers and then experiences unexpected
growth, abandoning those servers doesn't make sense (even if the long-term plan is to do
exactly that).
AWS Storage Gateway is a way to bridge this gap for companies of any size. It's a hybrid
storage option that connects on-premise storage including age-old tape backup systems
to the cloud in a way that also provides one console to access all storage configurations.
Reference: https://www.techradar.com/news/what-is-aws-storage-gateway
QUESTION 274
What should users do if they want to install an application in geographically isolated
locations?
A. Install the application using multiple internet gateways.
B. Deploy the application to an Amazon VPC.
C. Deploy the application to multiple AWS Regions.
D. Configure the application using multiple NAT gateways.
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zone
s.html
QUESTION 275
A system in the AWS Cloud is designed to withstand the failure of one or more
components.
What is this an example of?
A. Elasticity
B. High Availability
C. Scalability
D. Agility
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://wa.aws.amazon.com/wat.question.REL_7.en.html
QUESTION 276
A Cloud Practitioner needs a consistent and dedicated connection between AWS
resources and an onpremises system.
Which AWS service can fulfill this requirement?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. AWS VPN
C. Amazon Connect
D. AWS Data Pipeline
Answer: A
Explanation:
You can use AWS Direct Connect to establish a private virtual interface from your
on-premise network directly to your Amazon VPC, providing you with a private, high
bandwidth network connection between your network and your VPC. With multiple virtual
interfaces, you can even establish private connectivity to multiple VPCs while maintaining
network isolation.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/
QUESTION 277
Within the AWS shared responsibility model, who is responsible for security and
compliance?
A. The customer is responsible.
B. AWS is responsible.
C. AWS and the customer share responsibility.
D. AWS shares responsibility with the relevant governing body.
Answer: C
Explanation:
Security and Compliance is a shared responsibility between AWS and the customer. This
shared model can help relieve the customer's operational burden as AWS operates,
manages and controls the components from the host operating system and virtualization
layer down to the physical security of the facilities in which the service operates.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 278
To use the AWS CLI, users are required to generate:
A. a password policy.
B. an access/secret key.
C. a managed policy.
D. an API key.
Answer: B
QUESTION 279
Which AWS service is used to provide encryption for Amazon EBS?
A. AWS Certificate Manager
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS KMS
D. AWS Config
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/services-ebs.html
QUESTION 280
How does AWS charge for AWS Lambda usage once the free tier has been exceeded?
(Choose two.)
A. By the time it takes for the Lambda function to execute.
B. By the number of versions of a specific Lambda function.
C. By the number of requests made for a given Lambda function.
D. By the programming language that is used for the Lambda function.
E. By the total number of Lambda functions in an AWS account.
Answer: AC
Explanation:
You are charged based on the number of requests for your functions and the duration, the
time it takes for your code to execute
QUESTION 281
Which of the following describes the relationships among AWS Regions, Availability Zones,
and edge locations? (Choose two.)
A. There are more AWS Regions than Availability Zones.
B. There are more edge locations than AWS Regions.
C. An edge location is an Availability Zone.
D. There are more AWS Regions than edge locations.
E. There are more Availability Zones than AWS Regions.
Answer: BE
QUESTION 282
What does AWS Shield Standard provide?
A. WAF rules
B. DDoS protection
C. Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions and access to resources
D. Data encryption
Answer: B
Explanation:
AWS Shield Standard provides protection for all AWS customers from common, most
frequently occurring network and transport layer DDoS attacks that target your web site or
application at no additional charge.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/shield/pricing/
QUESTION 283
A company wants to build its new application workloads in the AWS Cloud instead of using
on-premises resources.
What expense can be reduced using the AWS Cloud?
A. The cost of writing custom-built Java or NodE. js code
B. Penetration testing for security
C. hardware required to support new applications
D. Writing specific test cases for third-party applications.
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/pricing/cost-optimization/
QUESTION 284
What does AWS Marketplace allow users to do? (Choose two.)
A. Sell unused Amazon EC2 Spot Instances.
B. Sell solutions to other AWS users.
C. Buy third-party software that runs on AWS.
D. Purchase AWS security and compliance documents.
E. Order AWS Snowball.
Answer: BC
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace
QUESTION 285
What does it mean if a user deploys a hybrid cloud architecture on AWS?
A. All resources run using on-premises infrastructure.
B. Some resources run on-premises and some run in a colocation center.
C. All resources run in the AWS Cloud.
D. Some resources run on-premises and some run in the AWS Cloud.
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/hybrid/
QUESTION 286
Which AWS service allows users to identify the changes made to a resource over time?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Service Catalog
D. AWS IAM
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/view-manage-resource.html
QUESTION 287
How can a company reduce its Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) using AWS?
A. By minimizing large capital expenditures
B. By having no responsibility for third-party license costs
C. By having no operational expenditures
D. By having AWS manage applications
Answer: A
Explanation:
AWS helps you reduce Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) by reducing the need to invest in
large capital expenditures and providing a pay-as-you-go model that empowers you to
invest in the capacity you need and use it only when the business requires it.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/
QUESTION 288
Which activity is a customer responsibility in the AWS Cloud according to the AWS shared
responsibility model?
A. Ensuring network connectivity from AWS to the internet
B. Patching and fixing flaws within the AWS Cloud infrastructure
C. Ensuring the physical security of cloud data centers
D. Ensuring Amazon EBS volumes are backed up
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/security/the-aws-shared-responsibility-model-and-gdpr/
QUESTION 289
What are the advantages of the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A. Fixed rate monthly cost
B. No need to guess capacity requirements
C. Increased speed to market
D. Increased upfront capital expenditure
E. Physical access to cloud data centers
Answer: BC
Explanation:
https://data-flair.training/blogs/aws-advantages/
QUESTION 290
When comparing the total cost of ownership (TCO) of an on-premises infrastructure to a
cloud
architecture, what costs should be considered? (Choose two.)
A. The credit card processing fees for application transactions in the cloud.
B. The cost of purchasing and installing server hardware in the on-premises data.
C. The cost of administering the infrastructure, including operating system and software
installations,patches, backups, and recovering from failures.
D. The costs of third-party penetration testing.
E. The advertising costs associated with an ongoing enterprise-wide campaign.
Answer: BC
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/
QUESTION 291
Which AWS feature allows a company to take advantage of usage tiers for services
across multiple member accounts?
A. Service control policies (SCPs)
B. Consolidated billing
C. All Upfront Reserved Instances
D. AWS Cost Explorer
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/tco-calculator/
QUESTION 292
What is one of the customer's responsibilities according to the AWS shared responsibility
model?
A. Virtualization infrastructure
B. Network infrastructure
C. Application security
D. Physical security of hardware
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://cloudacademy.com/blog/aws-shared-responsibility-model-security/
QUESTION 293
What helps a company provide a lower latency experience to its users globally?
A. Using an AWS Region that is central to all users
B. Using a second Availability Zone in the AWS Region that is using used
C. Enabling caching in the AWS Region that is being used
D. Using edge locations to put content closer to all users
Answer: D
QUESTION 294
How can the AWS Cloud increase user workforce productivity after migration from an
on-premises data center?
A. Users do not have to wait for infrastructure provisioning.
B. The AWS Cloud infrastructure is much faster than an on-premises data center
infrastructure.
C. AWS takes over application configuration management on behalf of users.
D. Users do not need to address security and compliance issues.
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/Migration/aws-migration-whitepaper.pdf
QUESTION 295
Which AWS service provides a quick and automated way to create and manage AWS
accounts?
A. AWS QuickSight
B. Amazon Lightsail
C. AWS Organizations
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/automate-account-creation-and-resource-provisioningusing-awsservice-catalog-aws-organizations-and-aws-lambda/
QUESTION 296
Which Amazon RDS feature can be used to achieve high availability?
A. Multiple Availability Zones
B. Amazon Reserved Instances
C. Provisioned IOPS storage
D. Enhanced monitoring
Answer: A
Explanation:
Amazon RDS provides high availability and failover support for DB instances using
Multi-AZ deployments.
Amazon RDS uses several different technologies to provide failover support. Multi-AZ
deployments for Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, and MariaDB DB instances use Amazon's
failover technology. SQL Server DB instances use SQL Server Database Mirroring (DBM).
Reference:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.MultiAZ.html
QUESTION 297
Where should users report that AWS resources are being used for malicious purposes?
A. AWS Abuse team
B. AWS Shield
C. AWS Support
D. AWS Developer Forums
Answer: A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/report-aws-abuse/
QUESTION 298
Which AWS service needs to be enabled to track all user account changes within the AWS
Management Console?
A. AWS CloudTrail
B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
C. VPC Flow Logs
D. AWS CloudHSM
Answer: A
Explanation:
AWS CloudTrail is a service that enables governance, compliance, operational auditing,
and risk auditing of your AWS account. With CloudTrail, you can log, continuously monitor,
and retain account activity related to actions across your AWS infrastructure. CloudTrail
provides event history of your AWS account activity, including actions taken through the
AWS Management Console, AWS SDKs, command line tools,and other AWS services.
This event history simplifies security analysis, resource change tracking, and
troubleshooting. In addition, you can use CloudTrail to detect unusual activity in your AWS
accounts.These capabilities help simplify operational analysis and troubleshooting.
Reference: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/
QUESTION 299
What is an AWS Cloud design best practice?
A. Tight coupling of components
B. Single point of failure
C. High availability
D. Overprovisioning of resources
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/AWS_Cloud_Best_Practices.pdf
QUESTION 300
Why is AWS more economical than traditional data centers for applications with varying
compute
workloads?
A. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) costs are billed on a monthly basis.
B. Customers retain full administrative access to their Amazon EC2 instances.
C. Amazon EC2 instances can be launched on-demand when needed.
D. Customers can permanently run enough instances to handle peak workloads.
Answer: C
Explanation:
The ability to launch instances on-demand when needed allows customers launch and
terminate instances in response to a varying workload. This is a more economical practice
than purchasing enough onpremises servers to handle the peak load.
QUESTION 301
Which AWS service would simplify migration of a database to AWS ?
A. AWS Storage Gateway
B. AWS Database Migration Service ( AWSDMS )
C. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud ( AmazonEC2 )
D. Amazon AppStream 2.0
Answer: B
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/dms/
QUESTION 302
Which AWS offering enables customers to find , buy ,and immediately start using
software solutions in their AWS environment ?
A.AWS Config
B. AWS OpsWorks
C. AWS SDK
D. AWS Marketplace
Answer: D
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/mp/
QUESTION 303
Which AWS networking service enables a company to create a virtual network
within AWS ?
A. AWS Config
B. Amazon Route 53
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud ( AmazonVPC
Answer:  D
QUESIION 304
Which of the following is AWS's responsibility under the AWS shared
responsibility model ?
A. Configuring third-party applications
B. Maintaining physical hardware
C. Securing application access and data
D. Managing custom Amazon Machine Images (AMIS )
Answer:  B
Explanation :
https :/ /aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model
QUESTION 305
Which component of AWS global infrastructure does Amazon CloudFront use
to ensure
low-latency delivery ?
A. AWS Regions
B. AWS edge locations
C. AWS Availability Zones
D. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud ( AmazonVPC. 
Answer: B
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com /cloudfront/
QUESTION 306
How would a system administrator add an additional layer of login security to a
user's
AWS Management Console ?
A. Use AWS Cloud Directory
B. Audit AWS Identity and Access Management ( IAM)roles
C. Enable Multi-Factor Authentication
D. Enable AWS CloudTrail
Answer:  C
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/iam/details/mfa/
QUESTION 307
Which service can identify the user that made the call when an Amazon Elastic
Compute Cloud ( AmazonEC2 )instance is terminated ?
A.  Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. AWS X-Ray
D. AWS Identity and Access Management ( AWSIAM )
Answer:  B
Explanation
QUESTION 308
Which service would you use to send alerts based on Amazon CloudWatch
alarms ?
A. Amazon Simple Notification Service ( AmazonSNS )
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer:  A
Explanation
http ://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/AlarmTh
atSendsEmail.html
QUESTION 309
Where can a customer find information about prohibited actions on AWS
infrastructure ?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Identity and Access Management ( IAM)
C. AWS Billing Console
D. AWS Acceptable Use Policy
Answer:  D
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/aup
QUESTION 310
Which of the following is an example of how moving to the AWS Cloud reduces
upfront
cost ?
A. By replacing large variable costs with lower capital investments
B. By replacing large capital investments with lower variable costs
C. By allowing the provisioning of compute and storage at a fixed level to meet
peak
demand
D. By replacing the repeated scaling virtual servers with a simpler fixed-scale
model
Answer:  B
Explanation
AWS does not require minimum spend commitments or long-term
contracts .You replace large upfront expenses with low variable payments that
only apply to what you use. With AWS you are not bound to multi-year
agreements or complicated licensing models
https ://aws.amazon.com /economics/
QUESTION 311
When designing a typical three-tier web application , which AWS services and
/or features improve availability and reduce the impact failures ?( Choose two .)
A. AWS Auto Scaling for Amazon EC2 instances
B. Amazon VPC subnet ACLs to check the health of a service
C. Distributed resources across multiple Availability Zones
D. AWS Server Migration Service ( AWSSMS )to move Amazon EC2 instances into a different Region
E. Distributed resources across multiple AWS points of presence
Answer:  AC
Explanation :
https ://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/AWS_CloudBest Practices .pdf
QUESTION 312
Which cloud design principle aligns with AWS Cloud best practices ?
A. Create fixed dependencies among application components
B. Aggregate services on a single instance
C. Deploy applications in a single Availability Zone
D. Distribute the compute load across multiple resources
Answer:  D
Explanation
Use load balancing for offloading encryption termination ( TLS)to improve
performance
and to manage and route traffic effectively .Distribute traffic across multiple
resources or services to allow your workload to take advantage of the elasticity
that AWS provides .
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/architecture/AWS_WellhitectedFramework .pdf
QUESTION 313
Which of the following are recommended practices for managing IAM
users ?( Choose
two .)
A. Require IAM users to change their passwords after a specified period of time
B. Prevent IAM users from reusing previous passwords
C. Recommend that the same password be used on AWS and other sites
D. Require IAM users to store their passwords in raw text
E. Disable multi-factor authentication ( MFA)for IAM users
Answer: AB
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html
QUESTION 314
A company is migrating from on-premises data centers to the Cloud and is
looking
for hands-on help with the project .How can the company get this
support ?( Choose two .)
A. Ask for a quote from the AWS Marketplace team to perform a migration into
the
company's AWS account .
B. Contact AWS Support and open a case for assistance
C. Use AWS Professional Services to provide guidance and to set up an AWS
Landing
Zone in the company's AWS account
D. Select a partner from the AWS Partner Network ( APN)to assist with the
migration
E. Use Amazon Connect to create a new request for proposal ( RFP)for expert
assistance
in migrating to the Cloud
Answer:  CD
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/solutions/aws-landing-zone/
QUESTION 315
How does the AWS Enterprise Support Concierge team help users ?
A. Supporting application development
B. Providing architecture guidance
C. Answering billing and account inquires
D. Answering questions regarding technical support cases
Answer: C
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/enterprise/
QUESTION 316
An application designed to span multiple Availability Zones is described as :
A. being highly available
B. having global reach
C. using an economy of scale
D. having elasticity
Answer: A
QUESTION 317
A new service using AWS must be highly availablE. Yet ,due to regulatory
requirements ,all of its Amazon EC2 instances must be located in a single
geographic area According to best practices ,to meet these requirements ,the
EC2 instances must be placed in at least two :
A. AWS Regions
B. Availability Zones
C. subnets
D. placement groups
Answer:  B
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/ec2/faqs/
QUESTION 318
Which AWS tool is used to compare the cost of running an application onpremises to
running the application in the AWS Cloud ?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B.AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
C. AWS Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO)Calculator
D. Cost Explorer
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon .com /tco-calculator/
QUESTION 319
A company has multiple AWS accounts within AWS Organizations and wants to
apply the Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances benefit to a single account only .
Which action should be taken ?
A. Purchase the Reserved Instances from master payer account and turn off
Reserved
Instance sharing
B. Enable billing alerts in the AWS Billing and Cost Management console
C. Purchase the Reserved Instances in individual linked accounts and off
Reserved
Instance sharing from the payer level .
D. Enable Reserved Instance sharing in the AWS Billing and Cost Management
console
Answer: C
Explanation :
The capacity for a Reserved Instance apples only to the acoount the Reserved
Instance was purchased on ,regardless of whether Reserved Instance is tumed
on or off .
QUESTION 320
Which situation should be reported to the AWS Abuse team ?
A. In Availability Zone has a service disruption
B. An intrusion attempt is made from an AWS IP address
C. user has trouble accessing an Amazon S3 bucket from an AWS IP address
D. A user needs to change payment methods due to a compromise
Answer: B
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/report-awsabuse/
QUESTION 321
A company is planning to launch an ecommerce site in single AWS Region to a
worldwide user basE.  Which AWS services will allow the company to reach users
and provide low latency and high transfer speeds ?( Choose two .)
A. Application Load Balancer
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon CloudFront
E. AWS Lambda
Answer: BD
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/faqs/
QUESTION 322
Which AWS service or resource is serverless ?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon instances
C. Amazon Lightsail
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: A
Explanation
https ://blogs.itemis.com /en/serverless-services-on-aws
QUESTION 323
Which of the following are components of Amazon VPC ?( Choose two .)
A. Objects
B. Subnets
C. Buckets
D. Internet gateways
E. Access key
Answer: BD
Explanation :
https ://subscription.packtpub.com/book/virtualizationand cloud
/9781788293723/3/
/vpocomponents
QUESTION 324
AWS Budgets can be used to :
A. prevent a given user from creating a resource
B. send an alert when the utilization of Reserved Instances drops below a certain
percentage
C. set resource limits in AWS accounts to prevent overspending
D. split an AWS bill across multiple forms of payment
Answer: B
Explanation :
utilzation buogets Define a utlization threshold and recelve alerts when your RI
usage falls below that thresholD. This lets you if your Ris are unused or underutilized
QUESTION 325
Which of the following will enhance the security of access to the AWS
Management
Console ?(Choose two .)
A. AWS Secrets Manager
B. AWS Certificate Manager
C. AWS Multi-Factor Authentication ( AWSMFA )
D. Security groups
E. Password policies
Answer: CE
QUESTION 326
The AWS Trusted Advisor checks include recommendations regarding which of
the
following ?(Choosetwo .)
A. Information on Amazon S3 bucket permissions
B. AWS service outages
C. Multi-factor authentication enabled on the AWS account root user
D. Available software patches
E. Number of users in the account
Answer: AC
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/trusted-advisor/bestpractice-checklist
QUESTION 327
Which functions can users perform using AWS KMS ?
A. Create and manage AWS access keys for the AWS account root user
B. Create and manage AWS access keys for an AWS account IAM user
C. Create and manage keys for encryption and decryption of data
D. Create and manage keys for multi-factor authentication
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/control-access.html
QUESTION 328
How does AWS Trusted Advisor provide guidance to users of the AWS
Cloud ?( Choose
two .)
A. It identifies software vulnerabilities in applications running on AWS
B. It provides a list of cost optimization recommendations based on current
AWS usage
C. It detects potential security vulnerabilities caused by permissions settings on
account
resources
D. It automatically corrects potential issues caused by permissions settings on
account resources
E. It provides proactive alerting whenever an Amazon EC2 instance has been
compromised
Answer: BC
QUESIION 329
Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud ?(Choose two .)
A. AWS manages the maintenance of the cloud infrastructure
B. AWS manages the security of applications built on AWS
C. AWS manages capacity planning for physical servers
D. AWS manages the development of applications on AWS
E. AWS manages cost planning for virtual servers
Answer: AC
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon .com/compliance/data-center/controls/
QUESTION 330
A user deploys an Amazon RDS DB instance in multiple Availability Zones .
This strategy involves which pillar of the Well-Architected Framework ?
A. Performance efficiency
B. Reliability
C. Cost optimization
D. Security
Answer: B
Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/the-5-pillars-of-the-aws-well-architectedframework/
QUESTION 331
Which AWS services provide a user with connectivity between the Cloud and
on-premises resources ?( Choose two .)
A. AWS VPN
B. Amazon Connect
C. Amazon Cognito
D. AWS Direct Connect
E. AWS Managed Services
Answer: AD
QUESIION 332
Which AWS service used to pay AWS bills , and monitor usage and budget costs ?
A. AWS Billing and Cost Management
B. Consolidated billing
C. Amazon Cloudwatch
D. Amazon QuickSight
Answer: A
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/billing-whatis.html
QUESTION 333
Which element of the AWS global infrastructure consists of one or more discrete
data
centers ,each with redundant power ,networking ,and connectivity ,which are
housed in
separate facilities ?
A. AWS Regions
B. Availability Zones
C. Edge locations
D. Amazon CloudFront
Answer: B
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com /whitepapers//aws-overview/globalinfrastructure.html
QUESTION 334
Which Amazon VPC feature enables users to capture information about the IP
traffic that
reaches Amazon EC2 instances ?
A. Security groups
B. Elastic network interfaces
C. Network ACLs
D. VPC Flow Logs
Answer: D
Explanation :
VPC Flow Logs is a feature that enables you to capture information about the IP
traffic
going to and from network interfaces in your VPC. Flow log data can be
published to
Amazon CloudWatch Logs or Amazon S3 .After you've created a flow log .you
can retrieve and view its data in the chosen destination .
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com /vpc/latest/userguide/flow-logs.html
QUESTION 335
Which AWS service can be used to automatically scale an application up and
down
without making capacity planning decisions ?
A. Amazon AutoScaling
B. Amazon Redshift
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Lambda
Answer: A
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/category/auto-scaling/
QUESTION 336
AWS Enterprise Support users have access to which service or feature that is not
available to users with other AWS Support plans ?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Support case
C. Concierge team
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: C
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com /premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 337
A company wants to migrate a MySQL database to AWS but does not have the
budget for
Database Administrators to handle routine tasks including
provisioning ,patching .and
performing backups, Which AWS service will support this use case ?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon DocumentDB
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: A
Explanation
Amazon RDS makes it easy to set up ,operate ,and scale a relational database in
the
clouD. It provides cost-efficient and resizable capacity while automating timeconsuming
administration tasks ,such as hardware provisioning ,database
setup ,patching ,and
backups .It frees you to focus on your applications ,so you can give them the
fast
performancE. high availability .security .and compatibility that they
https :// aws.amazon.com/blogs/database/part-1-role-of-the-dba-whenmoving-to-amazon-rdsresponsibilities /
QUESTION 338
A company wants to expand from one AWS Region into second AWS Region .
What does the company need to do to start supporting the new Region ?
A. Contact an AWS Account Manager to sign a new contract
B. Move an Availability Zone to the new Region
C. Begin deploying resources in the second Region
D. Download the AWS Management Console for the new Region
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-planregion.html
QUESTION 339
A user must meet compliance and software licensing requirements that state a
workload
must be hosted on physical server .
Which Amazon EC2 instance pricing option will meet these requirements ?
A. Dedicated Hosts
B. Dedicated Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Reserved Instances
Answer: A
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com /ec2/dedicated-hosts/
QUESTION 340
Which AWS service will provide way to generate encryption keys that can be
used to
encrypt data ?(Choosetwo .)
A. Amazon Macie
B. AWS Certificate Manager
C. AWS Key Management Service (AWSKMS )
D. AWS Secrets Manager
E. AWS CloudHSM
Answer: CE
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/crypto/latest/userguide/awscryp-servicehsm.html
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/kms/latest/developerguide/overview.html
QUESTION 341
A company is planning to migrate from on-premises to the AWS ClouD. 
Which AWS tool or service provides detailed reports on estimated cost savings
after
migration ?
A. AWS Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO)Calculator
B. Cost Explorer
C. AWS Budgets
D. AWS Migration Hub
Answer: A
QUESTION 342
What can assist evaluating an application for migration to the
cloud ?( Choosetwo .)
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Professional Services
C. AWS Systems Manager
D. AWS Partner Network ( APN)
E. AWS Secrets Manager
Answer: BD
QUESTION 343
Which AWS service helps users meet contractual and regulatory compliance
requirements for data security by using dedicated hardware appliances within
the AWS
Cloud ?
A. AWS Secrets Manager
B. AWS CloudHSM
C. AWS Key Management Service ( AWSKMS )
D. AWS Directory Service
Answer: B
Explanation
The AWS CloudHSM service helps you meet corporate ,contractual ,and
regulatory
compliance requirements for data security by using dedicated Hardware Security
Module
( HSM)instanceswithin the
AWS .AWS and AWS Marketplace partners offer a variety of solutions for
protecting
sensitive data within the AWS platform ,but for some applications and data
subject to
contractual or regulatory mandates
for managing cryptographic keys ,additional protection may be
necessary .CloudHSM
complements existing data protection solutions and allows you to protect your
encryption
keys within HSMs that are
designed and validated to govemment standards for secure key
management .CloudHSM
allows you to securely generate ,store ,and manage cryptographic keys used for
data
encryption in a way that keys are
accessible only by you .
https ://aws.amazon.com/cloudhsm/faqs/
QUESTION 344
Under the AWS shared responsibility model ,the customer manages which of the
following ? ( Choosetwo .)
A. Decommissioning of physical storage devices
B. Security group and ACL configuration
C. Patch management of an Amazon RDS instance operating system
D. Controlling physical access to data centers
E. Patch management of an Amazon EC2 instance operating system
Answer: BE
Explanation :
https ://www.whizlabs.com/blog/aws-security-shared-responsibility/
QUESTION 345
Which AWS service is suitable for an event-driven workload ?
A. Amazon EC2
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. AWS Lambda
D. Amazon Lumberyard
Answer: C
QUESTION 346
What is a value proposition of the AWS Cloud ?
A. AWS is responsible for security in the AWS Cloud
B. No long-term contract is required
C. Provision new servers in days
D. AWS manages user applications in the AWS Cloud
Answer: B
Explanation
https ://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/aws-whitepaper-business-value-ofaws.pdf
QUESTION 347
What is a characteristic of Amazon S3 cross-region replication ?
A. Both source and destination S3 buckets must have versioning disabled
B. The source and destination S3 buckets cannot in different AWS Regions
C. buckets configured for cross-region replication can be owned by a single AWS
account or by different accounts
D. The source bucket owner must have the source and destination AWS Regions
disabled for their account
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/replication.html
QUESTION 348
What is a user responsible for when running an application in the AWS Cloud ?
A. Managing physical hardware
B. Updating the underlying hypervisor
C. Providing a list of users approved for data center access
D. Managing application software updates
Answer: D
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model/
QUESTION 349
A company that does business online needs to quickly deliver new functionality
in an
iterative manner ,minimizing the time to market
Which AWS Cloud feature can provide this ?
A. Elasticity
B. High availability
C. Agility
D. Reliability
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/devops/partner-solutions/
QUESTION 350
Which features or services can be used to monitor costs and expenses for an
AWS
account ?( Choosetwo .)
A. AWS Cost and Usage report
B. AWS product pages
C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D. Billing alerts and Amazon CloudWatch alarms
E. AWS Price List API
Answer: AD
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/monitor
_estimated charges _with _cloudwatch.html
QUESTION 351
Amazon Route 53 enables users to
A. encrypt data in transit
B. register DNS domain names
C. generate and manage SSL certificates
D. establish a dedicated network connection to AWS
Answer: B
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com /Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/Welcome.html
QUESTION 352
Which AWS service helps identify malicious or unauthorized activities in AWS
accounts
and workloads ?
A. Amazon Rekognition
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. Amazon Cloudwatch
Answer: C
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/guardduty/
QUESTION 353
A company wants to try a third-party ecommerce solution before deciding to
use it long
term
Which AWS service or tool will support this effort ?
A. AWS Marketplace
B.AWS Partner Network ( APN)
C. AWS Managed Services
D. AWS Service Catalog
Answer: A
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2019/09/aws-marketplaceeasier-to-find-s olutions-fromaws-console /
QUESTION 354
Which AWS service is managed NoSQL database ?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon RDS for MariaDB
Answer: B
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/dynamodb/
QUESTION 355
Which AWS service should be used to create a billing alarm ?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. Amazon QuickSight
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/
monitor estimated charges with cloudwatch .html
QUESTION 356
A company is hosting a web application a Docker container on Amazon EC2 .
AWS is responsible for which of the following tasks ?
A. Scaling the web application and services developed with Docker
B. Provisioning or scheduling containers to run on dlusters and maintain their
availability
C. Performing hardware maintenance in the AWS facilities that run the AWS
Cloud
D. Managing the guest operating system ,including updates and security patches
Answer: C
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/tutorials/deploy-docker-containers/
QUESTION 357
Users are reporting latency when connecting to a website with a global customer
basE. 
Which AWS service will improve the customer experience by reducing latency ?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
D. AWS Transit Gateway
Answer: A
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com /getting-started/tutorials/deliver-content-faster/
QUESTION 358
Which actions represent best practices for using AWS IAM ?( Choosetwo .)
A. Configure a strong password policy
B. Share the security credentials among users of AWS accounts who are in the
same
Region
C. Use access keys to log in to the AWS Management Console
D. Rotate access keys on a regular basis
E. Avoid using IAM roles to delegate permissions
Answer: AD
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com /IAM/latest/UserGuide/best-practices.html
QUESTION 359
Which AWS feature or service can be used to capture information about
incoming and
outgoing traffic in an AWS VPC infrastructure ?
A. AWS Config
B.VPC Flow Logs
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS CloudTrail
Answer: B
Explanation :
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/flow-logs.html
QUESTION 360
A company wants to use an AWS service to monitor the health of application
endpoints
with the ability to route traffic to healthy regional endpoints to improve
application
availability
Which service will support these requirements ?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. Amazon Cloudwatch
C. AWS Global Accelerator
D. Amazon CloudFront
Answer: C
Explanation :
AWS Global Accelerator uses the AWS global network to optimize the path from
your
users to your applications ,improving the performance of your traffic by as much
as 60%
AWS Global Accelerator
continually monitors the health of your application endpoints and redirects
traffic to
healthy endpoints in less than 30 seconds
https://aws.amazon.com/global-accelerator/?blogs-global-
accelerator.sortby=item.additio
nalFields .createdDate &blogs-global-acceleratorsort-order =desc&aws-globalaccelerator
wn .sort-byitem.additionalFields .postDateTime &aws-global-acceleratorwn.sort-order =de
QUESTION 361
According to the AWS Well-Architected Framework ,what change management
steps
should be taken to achieve reliability in the AWS Cloud ?( Choosetwo .)
A. Use AWS Config to generate an inventory of AWS resources
B. Use service limits to prevent users from creating or making changes to AWS
resources
C. Use AWS CloudTrail to record AWS API calls into an auditable log file
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager to whitelist approved AWS resources and
services
E. Use Amazon GuardDuty to validate configuration changes made to AWS
resources
Answer: AC
QUESTION 362
Which service can be used to monitor and receive alerts for AWS account root
user AWS
Management Console sign-in events ?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS IAM
Answer: A
Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs//monitor-and-notify-on-aws-account-rootuser-activity/
QUESTION 363
Which design principle should be considered when architecting in the AWS
Cloud ?
A. Think of servers as non-disposable resources
B.Use synchronous integration of services
C. Design loosely coupled components
D. Implement the least permissive rules for security groups
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://www.botmetric.com/blog/aws-cloud-architecture-design-principles/
QUESTION 364
Which AWS services can be used to move data from on-premises data centers
to AWS ?
( Choosetwo .)
A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS Lambda
C. AWS ElastiCache
D. AWS Database Migration Service ( AWSDMS )
E. Amazon API Gateway
Answer: AD
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com /snowball/
QUESTION 365
The ability to horizontally scale Amazon EC2 instances based on demand is an
example
of whichoncept in the AWS Cloud value proposition ?
A. Economyof scale
B. Elasticity
C. Highavailability
D. Agility
Answer: B
QUESTION 366
Under the AWS shared responsibility model. Which of the fllowing are customer
responsibities? (Select TWO)
A. Settingup server-side encryption on an Amazon S3 bucket
B. AmazonRDS instance patching
C. Networkand firewall configurations
D. Physicalsecurity of data center facilities
E. Compute capacity availabilty
Answer: AC
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibility-model
QUESTION 367
Which AWS services can be used as infrastructure automation
tools ?( SelectTWO .)
A. AWS CloudFormation
B. AmazonCloudFront
C. AWSBatch
D. AWSOpsWorks
E. Amazon QuickSight
Answer: AD
Explanation :
https ://blog.newreliC. com /engineering/best-cloud-infrastructure-automationtools/
QUESTION 368
Which AWS Cloud benefit eliminates the need for users to try estimating future
infrastructure usage ?
A.Easy and fast deployment of applications in multiple Regions around the world
B. Security of the AWS Cloud
C. Elasticityof the AWS Cloud
D. Lower variable costs due to massive economies of scale
Answer: C
QUESTION 369
Which AWS service or feature helps restrict the AWS services .resources.and
individua
actions the users and roles in each member account can access ?
A. AmazonCognito
B. AWSOrganizations
C. AWSShield
D. AWSFirewall Manager
Answer: B
Explanation :
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_introductio
n.html
QUESTION 370
According to the AWS shared responsibility model .when using Amazon
RDS .who is
responsible for scheduling and performing backups ?
A. AWS is responsible for both tasks
B. The customer is responsible for scheduling and AWS is responsible for
performing
backups .
C. The customer is responsible for both tasks .
D. AWS is responsible for scheduling and the user is responsible for performing
backups .
Answer: B
QUESTION 371
Which AWS services can be used to provide network connectivity between an
on-plemises network and a VPC ?( SelectTWO .)
A. AmazonRoute 53
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWSData Pipeline
D. AWSVPN
E. AmazonConnect
Answer: BD
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/directconnect/faqs/
QUESTION 372
Which pricing model will interrupt a running Amazon EC2 instance if capacity
becomes temporarily unavailable ?
A. On-DemandInstances
B. Standard Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Convertible Reserved Instances
Answer: C
QUESTION 373
What is a characteristic Amazon S3 cross-region replication ?
A. Both source and destination S3 buckets must have versioning disableD. 
B. The source and destination buckets cannot be in diferent AWS Regions .
C. S3buckets configured for cross-region replication can be owned by a single
AWS
account or by different accounts .
D. The source S3 bucket owner must have the source and destination AWS
Regions
disabled for their account .
Answer: C
QUESTION 374
Which of the ollowing are advantages of the AWS Cloud ?( SelectTWO .)
A.AWS manages the maintenance of the cloud infrastructure
B. AWS manages the security of applications built on AWS .
C.AWS manages capacity planning for physical servers .
D. AWS manages the development of applications on .
E. AWS manages cost planning for vitual servers .
Answer: AC
QUESTION 375
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model should be used to comply with per-core software
license requirements ?
A. Dedicated Hosts
B. On-Demand Instances
C. SpotInstances
D. Reserved Instances
Answer: A
Explanation: https :// aws.amazon.com/ec2/dedicated-hosts/pricing
QUESTION 376
A Cloud Practitioner is developing a disaster recovery plan and intends to
replicate data between multiple geographic areas .Which of the ollowing meets these
requirements ?
A. AWS Accounts
B. AWSRegions
C. AvailabilityZones
D. Edgelocations
Answer: B
Explanation :
https ://www.botmetric.com/blog/having-a-disaster-recovery-plan-is-pivotalthe-dos-and-donts-on-aws-cloud /
QUESTION 377
A company wants buy an AWS Support plan .The company wants a designated
AWS Technical Account Manager to proactiely monitor its environment and assist with
optimization. Which plan meets these requirements ?
A. DeveloperSupport
B. Basic Support
C. EnterpriseSupport
D. BusinessesSupport
Answer: C
QUESTION 378
A company wants to use Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud ( AmazonEC2 )deploy
a global commercial application .The deployment solution should be with the
highest redundancy and fault tolerancE. Based on this situation .the Amazon EC2
instances should be deployed
A. in a single Availability Zone in one AWS Region
B. with multiple Elastic Network Interfaces belonging to different subnets
C. across multiple Avilability Zones in one AWS Region .
D. across multiple Availbility Zones in two AWS Regions
Answer: D
QUESTION 379
A company has an application with users in both Australia and Brazil. All the
company infrastructure is currently provisioned in the Asia Pacific (Sydney) Region in
Australia and Brazilian users are experiencing high latency. What should the company do to reduce latency ?
A. Implement AWS Direct Connect for users in Brazil.
B. Provision resources in the South America ( SaoPaulo )Region in Brazil .
C. Use AWS Transit Gateway to quickly route users from Brazil to the application .
D. Launch additional Amazon EC2 instances in Sydney to handle the demand
Answer: B
QUESTION 380
Which of the ollowing will enhance the security of access to the AWS
Management
Console ?( SelectTWO .)
A. AWS Secrets Manager
B. AWS Certificate Manager
C. AWS MultiFactor Authentication ( AWSMFA )
D. Security groups
E. Password policies
Answer: CE
QUESTION 381
What is the best resource for a user to find compliance-related information and
reports
about AWS ?
A. AWS Artifact
B.AWS Marketplace
C. Amazon Inspector
D. AWS Support
Answer: A
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/compliance/faq/
QUESTION 382
Which AWS services or features help decrease network latency for globally
dispersed
user base ?( SelectTWO )
A. Amazon VPC
B. Elastic Load Balancer
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. AWS Direct Connect
E. AWS Global Accelerator
Answer: CE
QUESTION 383
A cloud practitioner has a data analysis workload that is infrequently executed
and can be interrupted without harm .To optimize for cost .which Amazon EC2
purchasing option
should be used ?
A. A On-Demand Instances
B. Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: C
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/
QUESTION 384
How can company separate costs for network traffiC. AmazonEC2 .Amazon
53 .and other
AWS services by department ?
A. Add department-specific tags to each resource
B. Create a separate VPC for each department .
C. Create separate AWS account for each department .
D. Use AWS Organizations
Answer: A
QUESTION 385
Which AWS service will provide a way to generate encryption keys that can be
used to
encrypt data ?( SelectTWO .)
A. Amazon Macie
B. AWS Certificate Manager
C. AWS Key Management Service ( AWSKMS )
D. AWS Secrets Manager
E. AWS CloudHSM
Answer: CE
QUESTION 386
Which AWS service provides on-demand downloads of AWS and compliance
documentation ?
A. AWS Directory Service
B. AWS Artifact
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: B
QUESTION 387
Which of the otJo-mng acts as a virtual firewall at the Amazon EC2 instance level
to trfficfor one or more instances ?
A. Accesskeys
B. Virtual private gaewavs
C. SecuriWgroups
D. Access Control Lists ( ACL)
Answer: C
QUESTION 388
The AWS Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO)Calculator is used to
A. receive reports that break down AWS Cloud compute costs by
duration .resource or tag
B. estimate savings when comparing the AWS Cloud to an on-premises
environment
C. estimate a monthly bill for the AWS Cloud resources that will be useD. 
D. Enable billing alerts to monitor actual AWS costs compared to estimated costs
Answer: B
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com /tco-calculator/
QUESTION 389
Which AWS services provide a user with connectivity between the AWS Cloud
andon-premises resources ?(SelectTWO )
A. AWS VPN
B. Amazon Connect
C. Amazon Cognito
D. AWS Direct Connect
E. AWS Managed Services
Answer: AD
QUESTION 390
The AWS Cost Management tools give users the ability to do which of the
following ?(SelectTWO )
A. Terminate all AWS resources automatically if budget thresholds are exceeded
B. Breakdown AWS costs by day ,service ,and linked AWS account .
C. Create budgets and receive notifications if current or forecasted usage
exceeds
The budgets
D. Switch automatically to Reserved Instances or Spot Instances ,whichever is
most cost
effective
E. Move data stored in Amazon $ 3to a more cost-effective storage class
Answer: BC
QUESTION 391
Which tool is best suited for combining the billing of AWS accounts that were
previously
Independent from one another ?
A. Detailed billing report
B. Consolidated billing
C. AWS Cost and Usage report
D. Cost allocation report
Answer: B
Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbiling/latest/aboutv2/consolidatedbilling.html
QUESTION 392
A company has deployed several relational databases on Amazon EC2 instances
Every
month ,the database software vendor releases new secunity patches that need
be
applied to the databases
What is the MOST efficient way to apply the security patches ?
A. Connect to each database instance on a monthly basis ,and download and
apply the
necessary security patches from the vendor .
B. Enable automatic patching for the instances using the Amazon RDS console
C. In AWS Config .configure a rule for the instances and the required patch level
D. Use AWS Systems Manager to automate database patching according to
aschedule
Answer: D
QUESTION 393
Which AWS service can be used to privately store and manage versions of source
code ?
A.AWS CodeBuild
B. AWS CodeCommit
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS CodeStar
Answer: B
QUESTION 394
Which AWS service or feature allows a user to establish dedicated network
connection
between a company's on-premises data center and the AWS Cloud ?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. VPC peering
C. AWSVPN
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer:  A
QUESTION 395
Which Amazon storage class is optimized to provide access to data with lower
resiliency requirements .but rapid access when needeD. such as duplicate
backups ?
A. Amazon Standard
B. AmazonS3 Glacier Deep Archive
C. Amazon One Zone-Infrequent Access
D. AmazonS3 Glacier
Answer:  C
QUESTION 396
Which tool can be used to monitor AWS service limits ?
A. AWS Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO)Calculator
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
D. AWS Cost and Usage report
Answer:  B
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com /blogs//monitoring-service-limits-with-trustedadvisor-and-amazon-cloudwatch
QUESTION 397
Which tool can be used to monitor AWS service limits ?
A.AWS Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO)Calculator
B. AWSTrusted Advisor
C. AWSPersonal Health Dashboard
D. AWSCost and Usage report
Answer: B
QUESTION 398
Which AWS dashboard displays relevant and timely information to help users
manageevents in progress .and provides proactive notifications to help plan for
scheduled activities ?
A. AWS Service Health Dashboard
B. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
C. AWS Trusted Advisor dashboard
D. Amazon CloudWatch dashboard
Answer:  B
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/personal-healthdashboard/
QUESTION 399
Which AWS service can MOST efficiently import exabytes of data to the AWS
Cloud from an on-premises environment ?
A. AWS Snowmobile
B. AWS Storage Gateway
C. AWS Snowball
D. AWS Direct Connect
Answer: A
QUESTION 400
Which AWS Support plan provides access to architectural and operational
reviews .as well as 24 /7access to Senior Cloud Support Engineers through
email .online chat and phone ?
A. Basic
B. Business
C. Developer
D. Enterprise
Answer:  D
QUESTION 401
Which the following Amazon EC2 pricing models allows customers to use
existing
server-bound software licenses ?
A. Spot Instances
B. Reserved Instances
C. Dedicated Hosts
D. On-Demand Instances
Answer:  C
QUESTION 402
What is an Availability Zone in AWS ?
A. One or more physical data centers
B.A completely isolated geographic location
C. One or more edge locations based around the world
D. A data center location with a single source of power and networking
Answer:  A
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/global-infrastructure/regions
QUESTION 403
What credential components are required to gain programmatic access to an
AWS
account ?( Select TWO .)
A. An access key ID
B. A primary key
C. A secret access key
D. A user ID
E. A secondary key
Answer:  AC
Explanation :
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-sec-cred-types.html
QUESTION 404
What is the most efficient way establish network connectivity from on-premises
to
multiple VPCs in different AWS Regions ?
A. Use AWS Direct Connect
B. Use AWS VPN .
C. Use AWS Client VPN
D. Use an AWS Transit Gateway
Answer:  D
QUESTION 405
Which AWS service is used to automate configuration management using Chef
and
Puppet ?
A. AWS config
B. AWS OpsWorks
C. AWS CloudFormation
D. AWS Systems Manager
Answer:  B
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/opsworks/
QUESTION 406
A company needs to transfer a large volume of data from an on-premises data
center to
the AWS ClouD. The company's internet connectivity is slow and unreliablE. 
Which AWS service can facilitate this data transfer ?
A. Amazon S3 Glacier
B. AWS Snowball
C. AWS Storage Gateway
D. Amazon Elastic File System ( Amazon EFS )
Answer: B
QUESTION 407
A user needs to quickly deploy a non-relational database AWS .The user does
not want
to manage the underlying hardware or the database software
Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this ?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: B
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/SQLt
oNoSQL.html
QUESTION 408
Which of the following is fully managed graph database service on AWS ?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. Amazon FSx
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon Neptune
Answer:  D
QUESTION 409
Which AWS service helps to automate common administrative tasks and perform
unplanned configuration changes at scale ?
A. AWS Systems Manager
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. AWS CloudFormation
D. AWS Config
Answer:  A
QUESTION 410
A batch workload takes 5 hours to finish on an Amazon EC2 instancE. The
amount of data
to be processed doubles monthly and the processing time is proportional .What
is the best cloud architecture to address this consistently growing demand
A. Run the application on a bigger EC2 instance size
B. Switch to an EC2 instance family that better matches batch requirements .
C. Distribute the application across multiple EC2 instances and run the workload
in
parallel .
D. Run the application on a bare metal EC2 instance
Answer:  C
QUESTION 411
Each department within a company has its own independent AWS account and
its own
payment methoD. New company leadership wants to centralize departmental
goverance and consolidate payments .How can this be achieved using AWS
services or features ?
A. Forward monthly invoices for each account .Then create IAM roles to allow
cross-account access .
B. Create a new AWS account .Then configure AWS Organizations and invite all
existing
accounts to join
C. Configure AWS Organizations in each of the existing accounts .Then link all
accounts
together .
D. Use Cost Explorer to combine costs from all accounts .Then replicate IAM
policies
across accounts .
Answer:  B
Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_ac
counts.html
QUESTION 412
An ecommerce company anticipates a huge increase in web traffic for two very
popular
upcoming shopping holidays .Which AWS service or feature can be configured
to
dynamically adjust resources to meet this change in demand ?
A. AWS CloudTrail
B. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
C. Amazon Forecast
D. AWS Config
Answer: B
Explanation :https :// aws.amazon.com /autoscaling/
QUESTION 413
Which AWS service enables users to securely connect to AWS resources over the
public
internet ?
A. Amazon VPC peering
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS VPN
D. Amazon Pinpoint
Answer:  C
Explanation :Amazon VPC peering is used for connectivity between VPCs
QUESTION 414
Which tool used to forecast AWS spending ?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Organizations
C. Cost Explorer
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com /awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/ceforecast.html
QUESTION 415
A company is running an ecommerce application hosted in EuropE. To decrease
latency
for users who access the website from other parts of the world ,the company
would like to cache frequently accessed static content closer to the users
Which AWS service will support these requirements ?
A. Amazon Elasticache
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. Amazon Elastic File System ( AmazonEFS )
D. Amazon Elastic Block Store ( AmazonEBS )
Answer: B
Explanation :Amazon CloudFront employs a global network of edge locations
and regional
edge caches that cache copies of your content close to your viewers .Amazon
CloudFront
ensures that end-user requests are served by the closest edge location .As a
result .viewer
requests travel a short distance ,improving performance for your viewers .For
files not
cached at the edge locations and the regional edge caches ,Amazon CloudFront
keeps
persistent connections with your origin servers so that those files can be fetched
from the servers as quickly as possiblE. 
https ://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/faqs/
QUESTION 416
Which of the following is a component of the Global Infrastructure ?
A.  Amazon Alexa
B. AWS Regions
C. Amazon Lightsail
D. AWS Organizations
Answer:  B
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com /about-aws/global-infrastructure/
QUESTION 417
Which AWS service will help users determine if application running on an
Amazon EC2
instance has sufficient CPU capacity ?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS Config
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer:  A
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com/ec2/faqs/
QUESTION 418
Why is it beneficial to use Elastic Load Balancers with applications ?
A. They allow for the conversion from Application Load Balancers to Classic Load
Balancers .
B. They are capable of handling constant changes in network traffic patterns .
C. They automatically adjust capacity
D. They are provided at no charge to users .
Answer:  B
Explanation :
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/userguide/what-isload-balancing .html
QUESTION 419
Which tasks are the customer's responsibility in the AWS shared responsibility
model ?(Choose two .)
A. Infrastructure facilities access management
B. Cloud infrastructure hardware lifecycle management
C. Configuration management of user's applications
D. Networking infrastructure protection
E. Security groups configuration
Answer: CE
Explanation:https://cloudacademy.com/blog/aws-shared-responsibility-modelsecurityl
QUESTION 420
IT systems should be designed to reduce interdependencies ,so that a change
or failure in one component does not cascade to other components .
This is an example of which of cloud architecture design ?
A. Scalability
B. Loose coupling
C. Automation
D. Automatic scaling
Answer: B
Explanation :https ://d1.awsstatic.com
/whitepapers/AWS_Cloud_BestPractices .pdf ( 20)
QUESTION 421
Which AWS service or feature can enhance network security by blocking
requests from a particular network for a web application AWS ?(Choose two .)
A. AWS WAF
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. AWS Organizations
E. Network ACLs
Answer:  AE
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com /waf/
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/vpc-network-acls.html
QUESTION 422
An application runs on multiple Amazon EC2 instances that access a shared
system
simultaneously .Which AWS storage service should used ?
A. Amazon EBS
B. Amazon EFS
C. Amazon S3
D. AWS Artifact
Answer:  B
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com /efs/
QUESTION 423
A web application hosted on AWS using an Elastic Load Balancer ,multiple
Amazon EC2
instances ,and Amazon RDS .Which security measures fall under the
responsibility of
AWS ?(Choose two .)
A. Running a virus scan on EC2 instances
B. Protecting against IP spoofing and packet sniffing
C. Installing the latest security patches on the RDS instance
D. Encrypting communication between the EC2 instances and the Elastic Load
Balancer
E. Configuring security group and a network access control list ( NACL)for EC2
Answer:  CD
QUESTION 424
What is the benefit of elasticity in the AWS Cloud ?
A. Ensure web traffic is automatically spread across multiple AWS Regions
B. Minimize storage costs by automatically archiving log data
C. Enable AWS to automatically select the most cost-effective services
D. Automatically adjust the required compute capacity to maintain consistent
performancE. 
Answer: D
Explanation :https :// aimconsulting.com /insights/blog/the-elastic-cloudopportunity/
QUESTION 425
The continual reduction of AWS Cloud pricing is due to :
A. pay-as-you go pricing
B. the AWS global infrastructure
C. economies of scale
D. reserved storage pricing
Answer:  C
Explanation :
https://read.acloud.guru/there-are-four-reasons-to-explain-how-using-awscan-change-th
e-economicmodel-of-the-it-services-850dccBea1aa ?gi=3bcf6cd0e1e2
QUESTION 426
A company needs Amazon S3 bucket that cannot have any public objects due
to
compliance requirements .How can this be accomplished ?
A. Enable S3 Block Public Access from the AWS Management Console
B. Hold a team meeting to discuss the importance if only uploading private S3
objects .
C. Require all S3 objects to be manually approved before uploading
D. Create service to monitor all S3 uploads and remove any public uploads .
Answer:  A
Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/access-control-blockpublic-access.html
QUESTION 427
Cloud Practitioner identifies a billing issue after examining the AWS Cost and
Usage
report in the AWS Management ConsolE. Which action can be taken to resolve
this ?
A. Open a detailed case related to billing and submit it to AWS Support for help .
B. Upload data describing the issue to new object in a private Amazon S3 bucket
C. Create a pricing application and deploy it to a right-sized Amazon EC2
instance for
more information .
D. Proceed with creating a new dashboard in Amazon QuickSight .
Answer:  A
QUESTION 428
What does the AWS Simple Monthly Calculator do ?
A. Compares on-premises costs to colocation environments
B. Estimates monthly billing based on projected usage
C. Estimates power consumption at existing data centers
D. Estimates CPU utilization
Answer: B
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon .com/blogs/aws/estimate-your-c
QUESTION 429
Who is responsible for patching the guest operating system for Amazon RDS ?
A. The AWS Product team
B. The customer Database Administrator
C. Managed partners
D. AWS Support
Answer:  A
Explanation :https :// aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibilitymodel/
QUESTION 430
Which AWS services may be scaled using AWS Auto Scaling ?(Choose two .)
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon Route 53
E. Amazon Redshift
Answer: AB
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com /autoscaling/faqs/
QUESTION 431
Which of the following are benefits of AWS Global Accelerator ?(Choose two .)
A. Reduced cost to run services on AWS
B. Improved availability of applications deployed on AWS
C. Higher durability of data stored on AWS
D. Decreased latency to reach applications deployed on AWS
E. Higher security of data stored on AWS
Answer: BD
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com /global-accelerator/faqs/
QUESTION 432
A user who wants to get help with billing and reactivate a suspended account
should
submit an account and billing request to :
A. the AWS Support forum
B. AWS Abuse
C. an AWS Solutions Architect
D. AWS Support
Answer: D
Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/reactivatesuspended-accoun
QUESTION 433
Which AWS Cloud best practice uses the elasticity and agility of cloud
computing ?
A. Provision capacity based on past usage and theoretical peaks
B. Dynamically and predictively scale to meet usage demands
C. Build the application and infrastructure in a data center that grants physical
access
D. Break apart the application into loosely coupled components
Answer: B
Explanation :In a traditional computing environment ,you provision capacity
based on an
estimate of a theoretical maximum peak .This can result in periods where
expensive
resources are sitting idle or occasions of insufficient capacity .With cloud
computing .you
can access as much or as little capacity as you need and dynamically scale to
meet actual
demand ,whileonly paying for what you usE. 
QUESTION 434
Which method helps to optimize costs of users moving to the AWS Cloud ?
A. Paying only for what used
B. Purchasing hardware before it is needed
C. Manually provisioning cloud resources
D. Purchasing for the maximum possible load
Answer: A
Explanation :https ://www.cloudmanagementinsider.com/ways-to-optimizeaws-cost/
QUESTION 435
Under the AWS shared responsibility model ,which of the following is a customer
responsibility ?
A. Installing security patches for the Xen and KVM hypervisors
B. Installing operating system patches for Amazon DynamoDB
C. Installing operating system security patches for Amazon EC2 database instances
D. Installing operating system security patches for Amazon RDS database instances
Answer: C
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibilitymodel/
QUESTION 436
Under the AWS shared responsibility model , the security and patching of the
guest
operating system is the responsibility of :
A. AWS Support
B. the customer
C. AWS Systems Manager
D. AWS Config
Answer: B
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com /compliance/shared-responsibilitymodel/
QUESTION 437
Which AWS service makes it easy to create and manage AWS users and
groups ,and provide them with secure access to AWS resources at no charge ?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. Amazon Connect
C. AWS Identity and Access Management ( IAM)
D. AWS Firewall Manager
Answer:  C
Explanation :
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com//latest/UserGuide/console_ controllingaccess.html
https ://aws.amazon.com/am/
QUESTION 438
Which AWS service provides on-demand of AWS security and compliance
documentation ?
A. AWS Directory Service
B. AWS Artifact
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer:  B
Explanation
https ://aws.amazon.com/artifact/:text=AWS%20Artifact%%20your%20go,repo
rts
% 20and%20select% 20online%20agreements.
QUESTION 439
Which AWS service can be used to turn text into life-like speech ?
A. Amazon Polly
B. Amazon
C. Amazon Rekognition
D. Amazon Lex
Answer: A
Explanation :
https ://aws.amazon.com/polly/#:-:text=Amazon%20Polly% %20a%20service,s
ynthesi
ze % 20natural%20sounding%20human%20speech.
QUESTION 440
What is one of the core principles to follow when designing a highly available
application
in the AWS Cloud ?
A. Design using a serverless architecture
B. Assume that all components within an application can fail
C. Design AWS Auto Scaling into every application
D. Design all components using open-source code
Answer:  B
QUESTION 441
A user needs to generate a report that outlines the status of key security checks
in an
AWS account .The
report must include
The status of Amazon bucket permissions .
Whether multi-factor authentication is enabled for the AWS account root user .
any security groups are configured to allow unrestricted access .Where can all
this
information be found in one location ?
A. Amazon QuickSight dashboard
B. AWS CloudTrail trails
C. AWS Trusted Advisor report
D. IAM credential report
Answer: C
Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/trusted-advisor/bestpractice-checklist /# Security
QUESTION 442
Which of the AWS global infrastructure is used to cache copies of content for
faster
delivery to users across the globe ?
A. AWS Regions
B.Availability Zones
C. Edge locations
D. Data centers
Answer: C
Explanation :When your web traffic is geo-dispersed ,it's not always feasible and
certainly
not cost effective to replicate your entire infrastructure across the globE. A CDN
provides
you the ability to utilize its global network of edge locations to deliver cached
copy of
web content such as videos ,webpages ,images and so on to your customers .To
reduce
response time ,the CDN utilizes the nearest edge location to the customer or
originating
request location in order to reduce the response timE. Throughput is
dramatically
increased given that the web assets are delivered from cachE. For dynamic
data ,many
CDNs can be configured to retrieve data from the origin servers .
https ://aws.amazon.com/caching/
QUESTION 443
Using AWS Config to record ,audit ,and evaluate changes to AWS resources to
enable
traceability is an example of which AWS Well-Architected Framework pillar ?
A. Security
B. Operational excellence
C. Performance efficiency
D. Cost optimization
Answer: A
Explanation
https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/architecture/AWS_WellArchitected_Framework.pdf(12)
QUESTION 444
Which features and benefits does the AWS Organizations service
provide ?(Choose two .)
A. Establishing real-time communications between members of an internal team
B. Facilitating the use of NoSQL databases
C. Providing automated security checks
D. Implementing consolidated billing
E. Enforcing the governance of AWS accounts
Answer:  DE
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com/organizations/
QUESTION 445
What is the MINIMUM AWS Support plan level that will provide users with access
to the
AWS Support API ?
A. Developer
B. Enterprise
C. Business
D. Basic
Answer: C
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com /premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 446
Amazon EC2 instance runs only when needed yet must remain active for the
duration
of the process .What is the most appropriate purchasing option ?
A. Dedicated Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. On-Demand Instances
D. Reserved Instances
Answer: C
QUESTION 447
Which AWS hybrid storage service enables a user's on-premises applications to
seamlessly use AWS Cloud storage ?
A. AWS Backup
B. Amazon Connect
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: D
QUESTION 448
Which of the following acts as a virtual firewall at the Amazon EC2 instance level
to control
traffic for one or more instances ?
A. Access keys
B. Virtual private gateways
C. Security groups
D. Access Control Lists ( ACL)
Answer: C
Explanation
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-securitygroups.html
QUESTION 449
Which AWS service enables users to create copies of resources across AWS
Regions ?
A. Amazon Elasticache
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Systems Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 450
A user would like encrypt data that is received ,stored ,and managed by AWS
CloudTrail .Which AWS service will provide this capability ?
A. AWS Secrets Manager
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS Key Management Service ( AWSKMS )
D. AWS Certificate Manager
Answer: C
Explanation :
https ://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/dataprotection.html
QUESTION 451
Which of the following are AWS compute services ?(Selecttwo .)
A. Amazon Lightsail
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS CloudFormation
D. AWS Batch
E. Amazon Inspector
Answer: AD
Explanation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-overview/computeservices.html
QUESTION 452
What is a benefit of consolidated billing for accounts ?
A. Access to AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. Combined usage volume discounts
C. Improved account security
D. Centralized AWS IAM
Answer: B
Explanation :https ://jayendrapatil.com/aws-consolidated-billing/
QUESTION 453
Which AWS service will allow a user to set custom cost and usage limits ,and will
alert
when the thresholds are exceeded ?
A. AWS Organizations
B. AWS Budgets
C. Cost Explorer
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
Explanation
https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/control-your-costs-freetier-budgets/
QUESTION 454
Which AWS service provides the ability to detect inadvertent data leaks of
personally
identifiable information ( Pll)and user credential data ?
A. Amazon Guard Duty
B. Amazon Inspector
C. Amazon Macie
D. AWS Shield
Answer: C
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com/macie/
QUESTION 455
A company has distributed its workload on both the Cloud and some onpremises
servers .What type of architecture is this ?
A. Virtual private network
B. Virtual private cloud
C. Hybrid cloud
D. Private cloud
Answer: C
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com /hybrid/
QUESTION 456
Which of the following describes a security best practice that can be
implemented using
AWS IAM ?
A. Disable AWS Management Console access for all users
B. Generate secret keys for every user
C. Grant permissions to users who are required to perform a given task only
D. Store AWS credentials within Amazon EC2 instances
Answer: C
Explanation :https :/ /cloudcheckr.com/cloud-security/top-5-iam-bestpractices/
QUESTION 457
What can be used to automate and manage secure ,well-architected ,multiaccount AWS
environments ?
A. AWS shared responsibility model
B. AWS Control Tower
C. AWS Security Hub
D. AWS Well-Architected Tool
Answer: B
Explanation :Control Tower automates the process of setting up new baseline
multi-account AWS environment that is secure ,well-architected ,andready to
usE. Control
Tower incorporates the knowledge that AWS Professional Service has gained
over the
course of thousands of successful customer engagements
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/aws-control-tower-set-up-govem-a-multiaccount-aws- environment
QUESTION 458
A company needs protection from expanded distributed denial of service
( DDoS)attacks
on its website and assistance from AWS experts during such events .Which AWS
managed service will meet these requirements ?
A. AWS Shield Advanced
B.AWS Firewall Manager
C. AWS WAF
D. Amazon GuardDuty
Answer: A
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/atest/developerguide/ddosoverview.html
QUESTION 459
company's application has flexible start and end times .Which Amazon EC2
pricing
model be the MOST cost-effective ?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Reserved Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: B
Explanation :https ://aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/
QUESTION 460
Under the AWS shared responsibility model ,what are the customer's
?(Choose two .)
A. Physical and environmental security
B. Physical network devices including firewalls
C. Storage device decommissioning
D. Security of data in transit
E. Data integrity authentication
Answer:  DE
QUESTION 461
Which AWS container service will help a user install , operate ,and scale the
cluster
management infrastructure ?
A. Amazon Elastic Container Registry ( AmazonECR )
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. Amazon Elastic Container Service ( AmazonECS )
D. Amazon Elastic Block Store (AmazonEBS )
Answer: C
QUESTION 462
Which AWS service or feature allows a user to easily scale connectivity among
thousands of VPCs ?
A. VPC peering
B. AWS Transit Gateway
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. AWS Global Accelerator
Answer: B
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/training-and-certification/explorethe-aws-transteway-networking-and-scaling-digital-course /
QUESTION 463
Which of the following allows an application running on an Amazon EC2
instance to securely
write data to an Amazon bucket without using long term credentials ?
A. Amazon Cognito
B. AWS Shield
C. AWS IAM role
D. AWS IAM user access key
Answer: C
QUESTION 464
A company with a Developer-level AWS Support plan provisioned an Amazon
RDS database and cannot connect to it
Who should the developer contact for this level of support ?
A. AWS Support using a support case
B. AWS Professional Services
C. AWS technical account manager
D. AWS consulting partners
Answer: A
QUESTION 465
What is the purpose of having an internet gateway within VPC ?
A. To create a VPN connection to the VPC
B. To allow communication between the VPC and the Internet
C. To impose bandwidth constraints on traffic
D. load balance traffic from the Internet across Amazon instances
Answer: B
QUESTION 466
company must ensure that its endpoint for a database instance remains the
same after a single
Availability Zone service interruption .The application needs to resume database
operations
without the need for manual administrative intervention .How can these
requirements be met ?
A. Use multiple Amazon Route 53 routes to the standby database instance
endpoint hosted on AWS Storage Gateway .
B. Configure Amazon RDS Multi-Availability Zone deployments with automatic
failover to the standby .
C. Add multiple Application Load Balancers and deploy the database instance
with AWS Elastic Beanstalk
D. Deploy a single Network Load Balancer to distribute incoming traffic across
multiple Amazon Cloud Front origins .
Answer: B
QUESTION 467
Which AWS managed service can be used to distribute traffic between one or
more Amazon EC2 instances ?
A.NAT gateway
B. Elastic Load Balancing
C. Amazon Athena
D. AWS PrivateLink
Answer: B
QUESTION 468
AWS Trusted Advisor provides recommendations on which of the
following ?( Choosetwo .)
A. Cost optimization
B. Auditing
C. Serverless architecture
D. Performance
E. Scalability
Answer: AD
QUESTION 469
Which of the following tasks can only be performed after signing in with AWS
account root user credentials ?( Choose two .)
A. Closing an AWS account
B. Creating a new IAM policy
C. Changing AWS Support plans
D. Attaching a role to an Amazon instance
E. Generating access keys for IAM users
Answer:  AC
QUESTION 470
Fault tolerance refers to
A. the ability of an application to accommodate growth without changing design
B. how well and how quickly an application's environment can have lost data
restored
C. how secure your application is
D. the built-in redundancy of an application's components
Answer:  D
QUESTION 471
A company operating in the AWS Cloud requires separate invoices for specific
environments ,such as development ,testing ,and production .
How can this be achieved ?
A. Use multiple AWS accounts
B. Use resource tagging
C. Use multiple VPCs
D. Use Cost Explorer
Answer: B
QUESTION 472
Which AWS service can be used in the application deployment process ?
A. AWS AppSync
B. AWS Batch
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS DataSync
Answer: C
QUESTION 473
What can be used to reduce the cost of running Amazon EC2
instances ?( Choose two .)
A. Spot Instances for stateless and fiexible workloads
B. Memory optimized instances for high-compute workloads
C. On-Demand Instances for high-cost and sustained workloads
D. Reserved Instances for sustained workloads
E. Spend limits set using AWS Budgets
Answer: AD
QUESTION 474
A company is launching an e-commerce site that will store and process credit
card data. The company requires information about AWS compliance reports
and AWS agreements
Which AWS service provides on-demand access to these items ?
A. AWS Certificate Manager
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS CloudTrail
Answer: C
QUESTION 475
Which AWS service feature allows the user to manager cross-region application
traffic ?
A. Amazon AppStream 2.0
B. Amazon VPC
C. Elastic Load Balancer
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer: D
QUESTION 476
Which AWS service can be used to track unauthorized calls ?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: B
QUESTION 477
A user needs to regularly audit and evaluate the setup of all AWS
resources, identify non-compliant accounts ,and be notified when a resource changes.
Which AWS service can be used to meet these requirements?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Resource Access Manager
D. AWS Systems Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 478
A user is planning to launch two additional Amazon EC2 instances to increase
availability .
Which action should the user take ?
A. Launch the instances across multiple Availability Zones in single AWS Region .
B. Launch the instances as EC2 Reserved Instances in the same AWS Region and
the same
Availability ZonE. 
C. Launch the instances in multiple AWS Regions ,but the same Availability Zone
D. Launch the instances as EC2 Spot Instances in the same AWS Region ,but in
different
Availability Zones .
Answer: A
QUESTION 479
A company must store critical business data in Amazon with a backup to another
AWS Region .
How can this be achieved ?
A. Use an Amazon CloudFront Content Delivery Network ( CDN)to cache data
globally
B. Set up Amazon cross-region replication to another AWS Region
C. Configure the AWS Backup service to back up to the data to another AWS
Region
D. Take Amazon bucket snapshots and copy that data to another AWS Region
Answer: B
QUESTION 480
Which AWS Cloud service can send alerts to customers if custom spending
thresholds are
exceeded ?
A. AWS Budgets
B. AWS Cost Explorer
C. AWS Cost Allocation Tags
D. AWS Organizations
Answer: A
QUESTION 481
What is the recommended method to request penetration testing on AWS
resources ?
A. Open a support case
B. Fill out the Penetration Testing Request Form
C. Request a penetration test from your technical account manager
D. Contact your AWS sales representative
Answer:  B
QUESTION 482
A user needs to automatically discover ,,and protect sensitive data stored in
Amazon S3 Which AWS service can meet these requirements ?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. Amazon Macie
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. AWS Secrets Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 483
Which components are required to build a successful site-to-site VPN
connection on
AWS ?(Choose two .)
A. gateway
B. NAT gateway
C. Customer gateway
D. Transit gateway
E. Virtual private gateway
Answer: CD
QUESTION 484
Which Amazon EC2 pricing option is best suited for applications with shortterm ,spiky ,or unpredictable workloads that cannot be interrupted ?
A. Spot Instances
B. Dedicated Hosts
C. On-Demand Instances
D. Reserved Instances
Answer: C
QUESTION 485
Which AWS cloud architecture principle states that systems should reduce
interdependencies ?
A. Scalability
B. Services ,not servers
C. Removing single points of failure
D. Loose coupling
Answer: D
QUESTION 486
What is the MOST effective resource for staying up to date on AWS security
announcements ?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. AWS Secrets Manager
C. AWS Security Bulletins
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: C
QUESTION 487
Which AWS service offers persistent storage for file system ?
A. Amazon
B. Amazon EC2 instance store
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store ( AmazonEBS )
D. Amazon Elasticache
Answer: C
QUESTION 488
Which of the following allows users to manage cost allocations for billing ?
A. Tagging resources
B. Limiting who can create resources
C. Adding a secondary payment method
D. Running all operations on a single AWS account
Answer: A
QUESTION 489
Which AWS service allows users to download security and compliance reports
about the AWS
infrastructure on demand ?
A. Amazon Guard Duty
B. AWS Security Hub
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS Shield
Answer: C
QUESTION 490
Which of the following AWS services are serverless ?( Choosetwo .)
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon Elasticsearch Service
C. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
D. Amazon DynamoDB
E. Amazon Redshift
Answer: AD
QUESTION 491
Which AWS managed services can be used to extend an on-premises data
center to the
network ?(Choose two .)
A. AWS VPN
B. NAT gateway
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon Connect
E. Amazon Route 53
Answer: AC
QUESTION 492
Which requirement must be met for a member account to be unlinked from an
AWS
Organizations account ?
A. The linked account must be actively compliant with AWS System and
Organization Controls ( SOC)
B. The payer and the linked account must both create AWS Support cases to
request that the member account be unlinked from the organization .
C. The member account must meet the requirements of a standalone account .
D. The payer account must be used to remove the linked account from the
organization .
Answer: C
QUESTION 493
What AWS benefit refers to a customer's ability to deploy applications that scale
up and down
the meet variable demand ?
A. Elasticity
B. Agility
C. Security
D. Scalability
Answer: D
QUESTION 494
During a compliance review ,one of the auditors requires a copy of the AWS 2
report .
Which service should be used to submit this request ?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Artifact
D. Amazon 53
Answer: C
QUESTION 495
A company wants to set up a highly available workload in AWS with a disaster
recovery plan that will allow the company to recover in case of a regional service
interruption
Which configuration will meet these requirements ?
A. Run on two Availability Zones in one AWS Region ,using the additional
Availability Zones in the AWS Region for the disaster recovery sitE. 
B. Run on two Availability Zones in one AWS Region ,using another AWS Region
for the disaster recovery sitE. 
C. Run on two Availability Zones in one AWS Region ,using a local AWS Region
for the disaster recovery site
D. Run across two AWS Regions ,using a third AWS Region for the disaster
recovery sitE. 
Answer: B
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/startups/large-scale-disasterrecovery-using-aws-regions /
QUESTION 496
A company has a 500 TB image repository that needs to be transported to Aws
for processing . Which AWS service can import this data MOST cost-effectively ?
A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS VPN
D. Amazon $ 3
Answer: A
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/storage/migrating-hundreds-of-tbof-data-to-amazo n-53-with -aws-datasync /
QUESTION 497
Which AWS service can run managed PostgresQL database that provides online
transaction
processing ( OLTP)?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon Athena
C. Amazon RDS
D. Amazon EMR
Answer: C
Explanation :https:/ /aws.amazon.com/rds/postgresql/
QUESTION 498
Which of the following assist in identifying costs by department ?( Choose two .)
A. Using tags on resources
B. Using multiple AWS accounts
C. Using an account manager
D. Using AWS Trusted Advisor
E. Using Consolidated Billing
Answer: AB
QUESTION 499
A company wants to allow full access to an Amazon bucket for a particular user .
Which element in the $ 3bucket policy holds the user details that describe who
needs access to the bucket ?
A. Principal
B. Action
C. Resource
D. Statement
Answer: A
QUESTION 500
Which AWS service allows for effective cost management of multiple AWS
accounts ?
A.AWS Organizations
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: A
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/aws/aws-organizations-policybased-management-fo f-multiple-aws-accounts /
QUESTION 501
A company is piloting new customer-facing application on Amazon Elastic
Compute
( AmazonEC2 )for one month .
What pricing model is appropriate ?
A. Reserved Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. On-Demand Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: C
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/ec2/pricing/
QUESTION 502
Which AWS tools automatically forecast future AWS costs ?
A. AWS Support Center
B. AWS Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO)Calculator
C. AWS Simple Monthly Calculator
D. Cost Explorer
Answer: D
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/ce
-forecast.html
QUESTION 503
Under the AWS shared responsibility model ,which of the following is a
responsibility of AWS ?
A. Enabling server-side encryption for objects stored in 53
B. Applying AWS IAM security policies
C. Patching the operating system on an Amazon EC2 instance
D. Applying updates to the hypervisor
Answer: D
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/shared-responsibilitymodel/?ref=wellarchitected
QUESTION 504
A user is able to set up a master payer account to view consolidated billing
reports through :
A. AWS Budgets
B. Amazon MaciE. 
C. Amazon QuickSight .
D. AWS Organizations
Answer: D
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/co
nsolidated-billing.html
QUESTION 505
Performing operations as code is a design principle that supports which pillar of
the AWS
Well-Architected Framework ?
A. Performance efficiency
B. Operational excellence
C. Reliability
D. Security
Answer: B
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/the-5-pillars-of-the-aws-wellarchitected-framework /
QUESTION 506
Which design principle is achieved by following the reliability pillar of the WellArchitected Framework ?
A. Vertical scaling
B. Manual failure recovery
C. Testing recovery procedures
D. Changing infrastructure manually
Answer: C
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/the-5-pillars-of-the-aws-well-
architected-framework /
QUESTION 507
What is characteristic of Convertible Reserved Instances ( RIS)?
A. Users can exchange Convertible for other Convertible from a different instance family
B. Users can exchange Convertible for other Convertible Rls in different AWS Regions.
C. Users can sell and buy Convertible on the AWS MarketplacE. 
D. Users can shorten the term of their Convertible Ris by merging them with other Convertible
Answer: A
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/riconvertible-exchange.htm
QUESTION 508
The user is fully responsible for which action when running workloads on AWS ?
A. Patching the infrastructure components
B. Implementing controls to route application traffic
C. Maintaining physical and environmental controls
D. Maintaining the underlying infrastructure components
Answer: B
QUESTION 509
An architecture design includes Amazon EC2 ,an Elastic Load Balancer ,and
Amazon RDS .What is the BEST way to get a monthly cost estimation for this
architecture ?
A. Open AWS Support case ,provide the architecture proposal ,and ask for a
monthly cost
estimation .
B. Collect the published prices of the AWS services and calculate the monthly
estimate
C. Use the AWS Simple Monthly Calculator to estimate the monthly cost .
D. Use the AWS Total Cost of Ownership ( TCO)Calculator to estimate the
monthly cost .
Answer: C
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/pricingcalculator/latest/userguide/aws-pc.pdf
QUESTION 510
Which are benefits of using Amazon RDS over Amazon EC2 when running
relational databases on AWS ?( Choose two .)
A.  Automated backups
B. Schema management
C. Indexing of tables
D. Software patching
E. Extract ,transform ,and load ( ETL)management
Answer: AD
Explanation:
https:/ /ocs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Welcome.html
QUESTION 511
What does the Amazon Intelligent-Tiering storage class offer ?
A. Payment flexibility by reserving storage capacity
B. Long-term retention of data by copying the data to an encrypted Amazon
Elastic Block Store ( AmazonEBS )volume
C. Automatic cost savings by moving objects between tiers based on access
pattern changes
D. Secure ,durable ,and lowest cost storage for data archival
Answer:  C
Explanation :https:/ /aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2018/11/s3-
intelligent-tiering/
QUESTION 512
company has multiple data sources across the organization and wants to
consolidate data into one data warehouse
Which AWS service can be used to meet this requirement ?
A. Amazon DyamoDB
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon Athena
D. Amazon QuickSight
Answer: B
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com /redshift/faqs/
QUESTION 513
Which AWS service can used to track resource changes and establish
compliance ?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS Config
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/config/latest/developerguide/evalua
te-config.html
QUESTION 514
A user has underutilized on-premises resources .
Which AWS Cloud concept can BEST address this issue ?
A. High availability
B. Elasticity
C. Security
D. Loose coupling
Answer: B
Explanation :https:/ /www.gremlin.com/blog/implementing-cost-savingstrategies-on-amazon-ec-2-with-chaos-engineering /
QUESTION 515
A user has a stateful workload that will run on Amazon EC2 for the next 3 years .
What is the MOST cost-effective pricing model for this workload ?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Reserved Instances
C. Dedicated Instances
D. Spot Instances
Answer: B
A practitioner needs an Amazon EC2 instance to launch and run for 7 hours
without
interruptions .
QUESTION 516
What is the most suitable and cost-effective option for this task ?
A. On-Demand Instance
B. Reserved Instance
C. Dedicated Host
D. Spot Instance
Answer:  A
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/details/
QUESTION 517
Which of the following are benefits of using AWS Trusted Advisor ?( Choose two ).
A. Providing high-performance container orchestration
B. Creating and rotating encryption keys
C. Detecting underutilized resources to save costs
D. Improving security by proactively monitoring the AWS environment
E. Implementing enforced tagging across AWS resources
Answer:  CD
QUESTION 518
A developer has been hired by a large company and needs AWS credentials .
Which are security best practices that should be followed ?( Choose two .)
A. Grant the developer access to only the resources needed to perform the joB. 
B. Share the AWS account root user credentials with the developer
C. Add the developer to the administrator's group in AWS IAM .
D. Configure a password policy that ensures the developer's password cannot
be changed
E. Ensure the account password policy requires minimum length
Answer:  AE
QUESTION 519
Which AWS storage service is designed to transfer petabytes of data in and out
of the cloud ?
A.  AWS Storage Gateway
B. Amazon Glacier Deep Archive
C. Amazon Lightsail
D. AWS Snowball
Answer:  D
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com /snowball/latest/ug/transferpetabytes.html
QUESTION 520
Which service provides a user the ability to warehouse data in the AWS Cloud ?
A. Amazon EFS
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon RDS
D. Amazon VPC
Answer:  B
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/redshift/
QUESTION 521
user is planning to migrate an application workload to the AWS ClouD. 
Which control becomes the responsibility of AWS once the migration is
complete ?
A. Patching the guest operating system
B. Maintaining physical and environmental controls
C. Protecting communications and maintaining zone security
D. Patching specific applications
Answer: B
QUESTION 522
Which services can be used to deploy applications on AWS ?( Choose two .)
A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B. AWS Config
C. AWS OpsWorks
D. AWS Application Discovery Service
E. Amazon Kinesis
Answer: AC
Explanation :https:/ /.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/overview-of-deploymentoptions-on-aws.pdf
QUESTION 523
Which AWS service can be used to provide an on-demand ,cloud-based contact
center ?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. Amazon Connect
C. AWS Support Center
D. AWS Managed Services
Answer: B
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/connect/customers/
QUESTION 524
What tool enables customers without an AWS account to estimate costs for
almost all AWS services ?
A. Cost Explorer
B. TCO Calculator
C. AWS Budgets
D. Simple Monthly Calculator
Answer: B
Explanation :https :// aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-costexplorer/
QUESTION 525
Which component must attached to a VPC to enable inbound Internet access ?
A. NAT gateway
B. VPC endpoint
C. VPN connection
D. Internet gateway
Answer: D
QUESTION 526
Which pricing model would result in maximum Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud
( AmazonEC2 )
savings for a database server that must be online for one year ?
A. Spot Instance
B. On-Demand Instance
C. Partial Upfront Reserved Instance
D. No Upfront Reserved Instance
Answer: C
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-
reserved-instances.html
QUESTION 527
company has a MySQL database running on a single Amazon EC2 instancE. The
company now requires higher availability in the event of outage
Which set of tasks would meet this requirement ?
A. Add an Application Load Balancer in front of the EC2 instance
B. Configure EC2 Auto Recovery to move the instance to another Availability
Zone
C. Migrate to Amazon RDS and enable Multi-AZ
D. Enable termination protection for the EC2 instance to avoid outages
Answer: C
Explanation:
https:/
/docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Concepts.MultiAZ .htm
QUESTION 528
company wants to ensure that AWS Management Console users are meeting
password
complexity requirements .
How can the company configure password complexity ?
A. Using an AWS IAM user policy
B. Using an AWS Organizations service control policy ( SCP)
C. Using an AWS IAM account password policy
D. Using an Security Hub managed insight
Answer: C
QUESTION 529
Under the AWS shared responsibility model ,which of the following is the
customer's
responsibility ?
A. Patching guest OS and applications
B. Patching and fixing flaws in the infrastructure
C. Physical and environmental controls
D. Configuration of AWS infrastructure devices
Answer: A
QUESTION 530
Which of the following tasks is required to deploy a PCl-compliant workload on
AWS ?
A. Use any service and implement controls at the application layer
B. Use an service that is in-scope for compliance and raise an AWS support ticket
to
enable PCl compliance at the application layer
C. Use any AWS service and raise an AWS support ticket to enable PCl
compliance on that service
D. Use an AWS service that is in scope for compliance and apply controls at the
application layer
Answer: D
Explanation :https:/ /docs.aws.amazon.com
/securityhub/latest/userguide/securityhub-pci-controls .html
QUESTION 531
A company is building an application that requires the ability to send ,store ,and
receive
messages between application components .The company has another
requirement to process
messages in first-in ,first-out ( FIFO)order .Which AWS service should the
company use ?
A. AWS Step Functions
B. Amazon Simple Notification Service ( AmazonSNS )
C. Amazon Kinesis Data Streams
D. Amazon Simple Queue Service ( Amazon)
Answer: D
Explanation :https :// aws.amazon.com/sqs//
QUESTION 532
Any Company recently purchased Example Corp .Both companies use
resources ,and
Any Company wants a single aggregated bill .Which option allows Any Company
to receive a single bill ?
A. Example Corp .must submit a request its AWS solutions architect or AWS
technical account manager to link the accounts and consolidate billing .
B. Any Company must create a new support case in the AWS Support Center
requesting that both bills be combined
C. Send an invitation to join the organization from Any Company's AWS
Organizations master account to Example Corp .
D. Migrate the Example Corp .VPCs ,Amazon EC2 instances ,and other resources
into the
Any Company AWS account .
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://
docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/awsaccountbilling
aboutv2 .pdf
QUESTION 533
Which tool can be used to create alerts when the actual or forecasted cost of
AWS services
exceeds a certain threshold ?
A. Cost Explorer
B. AWS Budgets
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. AWS CloudTrail
Answer:  B
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/control-your-
costs-free-tier-budgets /
QUESTION 534
A user has limited knowledge of AWS services , but wants to quickly deploy a
scalable NodE. js application in the AWS ClouD. Which service should be used to
deploy the application ?
A. AWS CloudFormation
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. Amazon EC2
D. AWS OpsWorks
Answer: B
Explanation :https:/ /aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/
QUESTION 535
Which AWS Trusted Advisor check is available to all users ?
A. Core checks
B. All checks
C. Cost optimization checks
D. Fault tolerance checks
Answer:  A
Explanation :https:/
/www.amazonaws.cn/en/support/trustedadvisor/faq/#checks
QUESTION 536
A web developer is concerned that a DDoS attack could target an
application .Which AWS services or features can help protect against such an
attack ?( Choose two .)
A.  AWS Shield
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. AWS Support Center
E. AWS Service Health Dashboard
Answer:  AC
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/shield/
QUESTION 537
Which AWS service gives users on-demand ,self-service access to AWS
compliance control reports ?
A. AWS Config
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Artifact
Answer:  D
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/artifact
QUESTION 538
A company wants to provide one of its employees with access to Amazon
RDS .The company also wants to limit the interaction to only the Aws and AWS
software development kits ( SDKs)
Which combination of actions should the company take to meet these
requirements while following the principles of least privilege ?( Choose two .)
A. Create an IAM user and provide AWs Management Console access only
B. Create an IAM user and provide programmatic access only
C. Create an IAM role and provide AWS Management Console access only .
D. Create an IAM policy with administrator access and attach it to the IAM user
E. Create an IAM policy with Amazon RDS access and attach it to the IAM user .
Answer: BE
QUESTION 539
A company has a compliance requirement to record and evaluate configuration
changes ,as well as perform remediation actions on AWS resources .Which AWS
service should the company use ?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS Secrets Manager
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer:  A
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/config/
QUESTION 540
What are the advantages of deploying an application with Amazon EC2
instances in multiple
Availability Zones ?( Choose two .)
A. Preventing a single point of failure
B. Reducing the operational costs of the application
C. Allowing the application to serve cross-region users with low latency
D. Increasing the availability of the application
E. Increasing the load of the application
Answer:  AD
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-
increase-availability.html
QUESTION 541
A workload on AWS will run for the foreseeable future by using a consistent
number of Amazon EC2 instances .What pricing model will minimize cost while
ensuring that compute resources remain available ?
A. Dedicated Hosts
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Reserved Instances
Answer:  D
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ec2-
reserved-instances.html
QUESTION 542
Which tool can be used to identify scheduled changes to the AWS infrastructure ?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. Billing Dashboard
D. AWS Config
Answer:  A
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/personalhealth-dashboard/
QUESTION 543
Which of the following is the customer's responsibility when using Amazon RDS ?
A. Patching the operating system underlying hardware
B. Controlling traffic to and from the database through security groups
C. Running backups that enable point-in-time recovery of a DB instance
D. Replacing failed DB instances
Answer:  B
Explanation:
https:/
/docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.html
QUESTION 544
What is the customer's responsibility when using AWS Lambda ?
A. Operating system configuration
B. Application management
C. Platform management
D. Code encryption
Answer: D
Explanation :https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/security-overview-of-awslambda/
QUESTION 545
A company wants to be notified when its AWS Cloud costs or usage exceed
defined thresholds .
Which AWS service will support these requirements ?
A. AWS Budgets
B. Cost Explorer
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. Amazon Macie
Answer: A
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/aws-cost-management/aws-budgets/
QUESTION 546
Which AWS service provides the ability to host a database in the AWS Cloud ?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon RDS
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: B
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com//
QUESTION 547
Which AWS service allows customers to purchase unused Amazon capacity at
an often
discounted rate ?
A. Reserved Instances
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Dedicated Instances
D. Spot Instances
Answer: D
Explanation :https :// aws.amazon.com/ec2/spot/
QUESTION 548
Which AWS service or feature requires an internet service provider ( ISP)and a
colocation facility to be implemented ?
A. AWS VPN
B. Amazon Connect
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Internet gateway
Answer: C
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/directconnect/partners/
QUESTION 549
Which AWS services offer compute capabilities ?( Choose two .)
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store ( AmazonEBS )
D. Amazon Cognito
E. AWS Lambda
Answer: AE
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/awsoverview/compute-services.html
QUESTION 550
Which AWS service can be used to privately store and manage versions of source
code ?
A. AWS Code Build
B. AWS CodeCommit
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS CodeStar
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com /codecommit/latest/userguide/welcome.html
QUESTION 551
Which AWS service should a cloud practitioner use to identify security
vulnerabilities of an account ?
A. AWS Secrets Manager
B. Amazon Cognito
C. Amazon Macie
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: D
Explanation:https://www.coalfire.com/the-coalfire-blog/march-2019/awstrusted-advisor-for-security-compliance
QUESTION 552
A company wants to ensure its infrastructure is designed for fault tolerance and
business
continuity in the event of an environmental disruption .Which AWS infrastructure
component
should the company replicate across ?
A. Edge locations
B. Availability Zones
C. Regions
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer: C
Explanation:https://d36cz9buwru1tt.cloudfront.net/AWS_BuildingFaultTolerant
Applications .pdf ( 3)
QUESTION 553
Which AWS service feature is used to send both text and email messages from
distributed
applications ?
A. Amazon Simple Notification Service ( AmazonSNS )
B. Amazon Simple Email Service ( AmazonSES )
C. Amazon CloudWatch alerts
D. Amazon Simple Queue Service ( Amazon)
Answer: A
Explanation :https://aws.amazon.com/sns/faqs/
QUESTION 554
Which AWS Cloud design principles can help increase reliability ?( Choose two .)
A. Using monolithic architecture
B. Measuring overall efficiency
C. Testing recovery procedures
D. Adopting a consumption model
E. Automatically recovering from failure
Answer: CE
Explanation :https:/ /wa.aws.amazon.com/wat.pillar .reliability.en.html
QUESTION 555
A company is planning to launch an ecommerce site in a single AWS Region to
a worldwide user basE. Which AWS services will allow the company to reach
users and provide low latency and high transfer speeds ?( Choose two .)
A. Application Load Balancer
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon CloudFront
E. AWS Lambda
Answer: BD
Explanation :
https:// aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/faqs/cloudPas
QUESTION 556
A company wants to connect to AWS over a private ,low-latency connection
from its remote officE. What is the recommended method to meet these
requirements ?
A. Create a VPN tunnel
B. Connect across the public internet
C. Use VPC peering to create a connection
D. Use AWS Direct Connect .
Answer: D
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/connect-datacenter-to-aws/
QUESTION 557
Which AWS service can be used to retrieve compliance reports on demand ?
A. AWS Secrets Manager
B. AWS Artifact
C. AWS Security Hub
D. AWS Certificate Manager
Answer: B
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com /artifact/
QUESTION 558
company has an Aws-hosted website located behind an Application Load
Balancer .The
company wants to safeguard the website from SQL injection or crosssite
scripting .Which AWS service should the company use ?
A. Amazon Guard Duty
B. AWS WAF
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: B
QUESTION 559
How should a web application be deployed to ensure high availability in the
AWS Cloud ?
A. Deploy multiple instances of the application in multiple Availability Zones .
B. Deploy multiple instances of the application in single Availability ZonE. 
C. Deploy the application to a compute-optimized Amazon EC2 instance in a
single Availability
ZonE. 
D. Deploy the application in one Amazon EC2 instance in an Auto Scaling group .
Answer: A
Explanation:https://www.betsol.com/blog/how-to-make-high-availability-web-
applications-on-amazon-web-services
QUESTION 560
A company is running a self-managed Oracle database directly on Amazon EC2
for its steady-state databasE. The company wants to reduce compute
costs .Which option should the company use to maximize savings over a 3-year
term ?
A. EC2 Dedicated Instances
B. EC2 Spot Instances
C. EC2 Reserved Instances
D. EC2 On-Demand Instances
Answer: C
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com /choosing-a-cloud-platform/
QUESTION 561
An external auditor has requested that a company provide list of all its IAM
users ,including the status of users' credentials and access keys .What it the
SIMPLEST way to provide this information ?
A. Create an IAM user account for the auditor ,granting the auditor administrator
permissions
B. Take a screenshot of each user's page in the AWS Management Console ,then
provide the screenshots to the auditor .
C. Download the IAM credential report ,then provide the report to the auditor
D. Download the AWS Trusted Advisor report ,then provide the report to the
auditor .
Answer: C
Explanation:
https:/ /docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentialsgettingreport .
html
QUESTION 562
What are the benefits of consolidated billing for AWS Cloud services ?( Choose
two ).
A. Volume discounts
B. A minimal additional fee for use
C. One bill for multiple accounts
D. Installment payment options
E. Custom cost and usage budget creation
Answer: AC
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com /awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/consolidatedbilling
html
QUESTION 563
A company is expecting a short-term spike in traffic for its application .During
the traffic
increase ,the application cannot be interrupteD. The company also needs to
minimize cost and maximize flexibility .Which Amazon EC2 instance type should
the company use to meet these requirements ?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Reserved Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer:  A
Explanation :https:/ /aws.amazon.com/ec2/faqs/
QUESTION 564
A company wants to track AWS resource configuration changes for compliance
reasons .Which AWS feature can be used to meet this requirement ?
A. AWS Cost and Usage Report
B. AWS Organizations service control policies ( SCPs)
C. AWS Config rules
D. VPC Flow Logs
Answer: C
Explanation :https://aws.amazon.com/config/
QUESTION 565
A company is building an application that needs to deliver images and videos
globally with minimal latency .Which approach can the company use to
accomplish this in a cost effective manner ?
A. Deliver the content through Amazon CloudFront .
B. Store the content on Amazon $ 3and enable $ 3cross-region replication .
C. Implement a VPN across multiple AWS Regions
D. Deliver the content through AWS PrivateLink .
Answer: A
Explanation:https:/ /aws.amazon.com/blogs/industries/how-to-build-a-globalscalable-low-latency-and -secure-machine-learning-medical-imaging-analysisplatform-on-aws /
QUESTION 566
The AWS IAM best practice for granting least privilege is to :
A. apply an IAM policy to an IAM group and limit the size of the group .
B. require multi-factor authentication (MFA)for all users .
C. require each IAM user who has different permissions to have multiple
passwords .
D. apply an IAM policy only to IAM users who require it .
Answer:  D
Explanation:https://kirkpatrickprice.com/blog/best-practices-for-privilegemanagement-in-aws/
QUESTION 567
Which cloud computing benefit does AWS demonstrate with its ability to offer
lower variable costs as a result of high purchase volumes ?
A. Pay-as-you-go pricing
B. High availability
C. Global reach
D. Economies scale
Answer: D
Explanation:https://innovationtactics.com/amazon-business-model-amazonweb-services/
QUESTION 568
A pharmaceutical company operates its infrastructure in a single AWS
Region .The company has thousands of VPCs in a various AWS accounts that it
wants to interconnect .Which AWS service or feature should the company use to
help simplify management and reduce operational costs ?
A. VPC endpoint
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS Transit Gateway
D. VPC peering
Answer: C
Explanation:https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/building-a-scalable-andsecure-multi-vpc-aws - network-infrastructure.pdf ( 9)
QUESTION 569
How can AWS enable a company to control expenses as an application's usage
changes
unpredictably ?
A. AWS will refund the cost difference if a customer moves to larger servers .
B. The application can be built to scale up or down automatically as resources
are needed
C. Spot instances will automatically be used if the price is lower than on-demand
instances
D. Amazon CloudWatch will automatically predict what resources are needed
Answer: B
QUESTION 570
Which AWS service or feature can be used to prevent SQL injection attacks ?
A. Security groups
B. Network ACLS
C. AWS WAF
D. IAM policy
Answer: C
Explanation:https:/ /docs.aws.amazon.com/waf/latest/developerguide/classicweb-acl-sql-conditions .html
QUESTION 571
Which AWS service can help a company detect an outage of its website servers
and redirect users to alternate servers ?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. Amazon Route 53
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: C
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whatsnew/2013/02//announcing-dns-failover-for-route-53 /
QUESTION 572
Which of the following IT tasks does AWS perform to offload a company's IT
resource
management responsibilities ?( Choose two .)
A. Configuring operating system firewalls
B. Setting up access controls for data
C. Backing up databases
D. Configuring database user accounts
E. Installing operating systems
Answer: CE
QUESTION 573
According to security best practices ,how should an Amazon EC2 instance be
given access to an Amazon bucket ?
A. Hard code an IAM user's secret key and access key directly in the
application ,and upload the file
B. Store the IAM user's secret key and access key in a text file on the EC2
instance ,read the keys , then upload the filE. 
C. Have the EC2 instance assume a role to obtain the privileges to upload the
filE. 
D. Modify the 53 bucket policy so that any service can upload it at any timE. 
Answer: C
QUESTION 574
A user can increase operational efficiency in the AWS Cloud by :
A. leveraging AWS managed services
B. right-sizing AWS infrastructurE. 
C. manually creating all necessary resources .
D. managing their own software licensE. 
Answer: A
Explanation:https://www.ibexlabs.com/improve-operational-efficiency-viadigital-transformation- on-aws/
QUESTION 575
Which AWS service automatically handles application health monitoring ?
A. Amazon API Gateway
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. AWS Lambda
D. AWS Config
Answer: B
Explanation :https:// aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/
QUESTION 576
Under the AWS shared responsibility model ,which task is the customer's
responsibility when managing AWS Lambda functions ?
A. Creating versions of Lambda functions
B. Maintaining server and operating systems
C. Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
D. Updating the Lambda runtime environment
Answer:  A
QUESTION 577
A company needs to track the activity in its AWS accounts ,and needs to know
when an call is
made against its AWS resources .Which AWS tool or service can be used to meet
these
requirements ?
A. Amazon Cloudwatch
B. Amazon Inspector
C. AWS Cloud Trail
D. AWS IAM
Answer: C
Explanation :https:/ /aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/
QUESTION 578
According to the AWS shared responsibility model , which of the following are
AWS
responsibilities ?( Choose two .)
A. Network infrastructure and virtualization of infrastructure
B. Security of application data
C. Guest operating systems
D. Physical security of hardware
E. Credentials and policies
Answer: AD
QUESTION 579
Which of the following services can be used to block network traffic to an
instance ?( Choose two .)
A. Security groups
B. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud ( AmazonVPC )flow logs
C. Network ACLs
D. Amazon CloudWatch
E. AWS CloudTrail
Answer: AC
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-
block-or-allow-ips
QUESTION 580
A company wants to transfer petabytes of data as quickly as possible from onpremises locations to the AWS ClouD. Which AWS service should the company
use ?
A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. Amazon Transfer Acceleration
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: A
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/projects/migratepetabyte-scale-data/
QUESTION 581
A company has refined its workload to use specific AWS services to improve
efficiency and reduce cost .Which best practice for cost does this example show ?
A. Resource controls
B. Cost allocation
C. Architecture optimization
D.Tagging enforcement
Answer: C
Explanation:https://d1.awsstatic.com/whitepapers/architecture/AWS-CostOptimization-Pillar.pd
QUESTION 582
A company hosts images in an Amazon $ 3bucket for a public-facing website
that is viewed by millions of users around the globE. Which AWS service will
deliver this content with reduced latency ?
A. AWS WAF
B. Amazon Cloudwatch
C. Amazon Cloud Front
D. AWS CloudFormation
Answer: C
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/hands-on/delivercontent-faster/
QUESTION 583
Which of the following is an best practice for managing an AWS account root
user ?
A. Keep the root user password with the security team .
B. Enable multi-factor authentication ( MFA)for the root user .
C. Create an access key for the root user
D. Keep the root user password consistent for compliance purposes .
Answer: B
Explanation :https:/ /docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/bestpractices.html
QUESTION 584
A company wants to securely access an Amazon $ 3bucket from an Amazon EC2
instance without
accessing the internet .What should the company use to accomplish this goal ?
A. VPN connection
B. Internet gateway
C. VPC endpoint
D. NAT gateway
Answer: C
Explanation:https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/ec2-
instance-access-s3-bucket /
QUESTION 585
Which statement is true about AWS global infrastructure ?
A. Availability Zones can span multiple AWS Regions
B. A VPC can have different subnets in different AWS Regions .
C. AWS Regions consist of multiple Availability Zones
D. A single subnet can span multiple Availability Zones
Answer: C
Explanation:https://digitalcloud.training/certification-training/aws-certifiedcloud-practitioner/aws-global-infrastructure /
QUESTION 586
Which AWS service or feature provides information about ongoing or upcoming
scheduled events that can affect an AWS account ?
A.AWS Config
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: C
Explanation :https:/ /aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/personal-
health-dashboard/
QUESTION 587
A bank needs to store recordings of calls made to its contact center for years .The
recordings must be accessible within 48 hours from the time they are
requesteD. Which AWS service will provide a secure and cost-effective solution
for retaining these files ?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon Glacier
C. Amazon Connect
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: B
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/set-uprecordings.html
QUESTION 588
A media company wants to distribute video content to millions of users
worldwide over the internet .The company wants to use the global network
backbone to distribute cached on tent with low latency and high data transfer
speeds .Which AWS service will meet these requirements ?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: A
Explanation :https:/ /www.inqdo.com/aws-explained-globalinfrastructure/?langen
QUESTION 589
Which AWS Trusted Advisor feature is available exclusively to users with AWS
Business Support or AWS Enterprise Support ?
A. Notification setup
B. Refresh checks
C. AWS Support API
D. Action links
Answer:  C
Explanation :https:/ /aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/trustedadvisor/
QUESTION 590
The AWS global infrastructure consists of Regions, Availability Zones, and what else?
A. VPCs
B. Data centers
C. Dark fiber network links
D. Edge locations
Answer: D
QUESTION 591
which of the following are benefits of running a database on amazon RDs
compared to an on premises database?
A. RDS backup are managed by AWS
B. RDS supports any relational database
C. RDs has no database engineer licensing costs.
D. RDS database compute capacity can be easily scaled.
E. RDS inbound traffic content (for example, security groups) is managed by AWS.
Answer: AD
QUESTION 592
which AWS tools or services can be used to list all aws lambda functions
running in an account?
A. AWS CLI
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS SDKs
D. AWS CloudTrail
E. Amazon Cloud Directory
Answer: AC
QUESTION 593
Which management service can be used to set alarms for AWS resources?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
C. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
D. AWS CloudTrail
Answer: A
QUESTION 594
Which of the following are AWS practices? (Select TWO.)
A. Enable AWS Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFA) for users.
B. Enable access key sharing among users.
C. Use the inline policies instead of user managed policies.
D. Configure strong password policies for users.
E. Avoid rotating credentials.
Answer: AD
QUESTION 595
What AWS billing support resource is available to all support levels?
A. AWS Support concierge
B. AWS Customer Service
C. AWS technical account manager
D. AWS Business Support
Answer: B
Explanation:Basic Support is included for all AWS customers and includes:-
Customer Service and Communities 24x7 access to customer service,
documentation, whitepapers, and support
QUESTION 596
Which AWS service enables users to security connect to AWS resources over
the public internet ?
A. Amazon VPC peering
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS VPN
D. Amazon Pinpoint
Answer: C
QUESTION 597
Which actions support the reliability pillar of the AWS Architected Framework?
(Select TWO.)
A. Enforce higher security specifically in regard to designed for failure.
B. Ensure that backend components include multiple Availability Zone deployments.
C. Avoid the use of automatic scaling to simplify the cloud architecture.
D. Enable object versioning within Amazon S3 and replicating data to another AWS Region
E. Include an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to multiple Amazon EC2 instance in separate Availability Zones
Answer: BE
QUESTION 598
Which AWS service securely delivers data, videos, applications, and APIS to
users globally with low latency and high transfer speeds?
A. AWS CloudFormation
B. Amazon CloudFornt
C. Amazon Pinpoint
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: B
QUESTION 599
A cloud practitioner launched a blog hosted on AWS and needs to register a
domain name for the blog. Which AWS service will meet this requirement?
A. Amazon Connet
B. Amazon Route 53
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. AWS Global Accelerator
Answer: B
QUESTION 600
An Availability Zone consists of:
A. one or more data centers in a single location.
B. two or more data centers in multiple locations.
C. one or more physical hosts in a single data center.
D. two or more physical hosts in multiple data centers.
Answer: A
QUESTION 601
A cloud practitioner needs to obtain AWS compliance reports before migrating
an environment to the AWS Cloud. How can these reports be generated?
A. Contact the AWS Compliance team.
B. Download the reports from AWS Artifact.
C. Open a case with AWS Support.
D. Generate the reports with Amazon Made.
Answer: B
QUESTION 602
Which AWS services help to improve application performance by reducing
latency while accessing content globally? (Select TWO.)
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS VPN
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. AWS Global Accelerator
E. Amazon S3 Glacier
Answer: AD
QUESTION 603
An application is receiving SQL injection attacks from multiple external
resources. Which AWS service or feature can help automate mitigation against
these attacks?
A. AWS WAF
B. Security groups
C. Elastic Load Balancer
D. Network ACL
Answer: A
QUESTION 604
A user needs to quickly deploy a non relational database on AWS. The user
does not want to manage the underlying hardware or the database software.
Which AWS service cart be used to accomplish this?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: B
QUESTION 605
Which of the following are AWS Cloud security resources? (Select TWO.)
A. Real-time vulnerability scans from Amazon Kinesis.
B. AWS security solutions in the AWS Marketplace.
C. Open-source penetration testing results available in Amazon Cognito.
D. AWS whitepapers related to security best practices.
E. Security analyses of README.md files within application repositories stored in AWS Code Commit.
Answer: BD
QUESTION 606
How can a user achieve high availability for a web application hosted on AWS?
A. Use a Classic Load Balancer across multiple AWS Regions
B. Use an Application Load Balancer across multiple Availability Zones in one
AWS Region
C. Set up automatic scaling and load balancing with another application
instance running on premises
D. Use the AWS Region with the highest number of Availability Zones
Answer: B
QUESTION 607
Using Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) to break down a
monolithic architecture into microservices is an example of:
A. a loosely coupled architecture.
B. a tightly coupled architecture.
C. a stateless architecture.
D. a stateful architecture.
Answer:A
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/migrating- applications-frommonolithic to-microservice-on-aws/
QUESTION 608
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following tasks
are AWS responsibilities? (Select TwO.)
A. The physical security of AWS facilities.
B. Encrypting customer data.
C. Patching and updating the hypervisor.
D. Patching operating systems on Amazon EC2.
E. Defining network firewalls inside the VPC.
Answer: AC
QUESTION 609
Which feature of the AWS Cloud can help minimize application downtime?
A. Global reach
B. High availability
C. Elasticity
D. Agility
Answer: B
QUESTION 610
Management at a large company wants to avoid longterm contracts andisinterested in AWS to move from fixed costs to variable cos
ts. What is the value proposition ofAWS for this company?
A. Economy of scale
B. Pay-as-you-go pricing
C. Volume discounts
D. Cost optimization
Answer: B
QUESTION 611
A security officer wants a list of any potential vulnerabilities in
Amazon EC2security groups. Which AWS service should the officer use?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Artifact
Answer: A
QUESTION 612
A company is considering a migration from on premises to the AWS Cloud. The
company's IT team needs to offload support of the workload. What should the
IT team do to accomplish this goal?
A. Use AWS Managed Services to provision run and support the company in
infrastructure
B. Build hardware refreshes into the operational calendar to ensure availability
C. Use Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) on Amazon EC2
instances
D. Overprovision compute capacity for seasonal events and traffic spikes to
prevent downtime
Answer: A
QUESTION 613
A company with AWS Enterprise Support needs help understanding its monthly
AWS bill and wants to implement billing best practices. Which AWS tool or
resource is available to accomplish these goals?
A. Resource lagging
B. AWS Concierge Support team
C. AWS Abuse team
D. AWS Support
Answer: B
QUESTION 614
A company needs 24*7 phone, email, and chat access, with a response time of
less than 1 hour it a production system has a service interruption. Which AWS
Support plan meets these requirements at the LOWEST cost?
A. Basic
B. Developer
C. Business
D. Enterprise
Answer: C
QUESTION 615
In which of the following is Amazon CloudFront content cached?
A. Availability Zones
B. Local Zones
C. AWS Regions
D. Edge locations
Answer: D
QUESTION 616
Which AWS cloud architecture principle states that systems should reduce
interdependences?
A. Scalability
B. Services not servers
C. Removing single points of failure
D. Loose coupling
Answer: D
QUESTION 617
A company must keep records of all resource changes that are made through t
heAWS Management Console and AWS APls.Which AWS service should the co
mpany use to meetthis requirement?
A.Amazon CloudWatch
B.AWS CloudTrail
C.AWS X-Ray
D.Amazon Inspector
Answer:B
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/
QUESTION 618
What can a cloud practitioner use to retrieve AWS security and compliancedoc
uments and submit them as evidence to an auditor or regulator?
A. AWS Certificate Manager
B. AWS Systems Manager
C. AWS Artifact
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: C
QUESTION 619
Which AWS service will help a company identify the user who deleted an Amaz
onEC2 instance yesterday?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.AWS CloudTrail
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: C
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/cloudtrail/
QUESTION 620
A user needs to import 100 TB of video files into Amazon s3. The user hasestim
ated that it will take months to move the files over an on premises internet con
nection.Which AWS service can be used to improve the data transport time?
A. Amazon S3 Transfer Accelerator
B. AWS Snowball
C. AWS Storage Gateway
D. AWS DataSync
Answer: B
QUESTION 621
A user wants to move legacy applications to the AWS Cloud to reduce the total
cost. Which option is the MOST cost- effective according to best practices?
A. Rewrite the legacy applications in an open-source language, such as Python.
B. Right-size the Amazon EC2 instances to prevent over -
provisioning in terms of compute andmemory.
C. Migrate relational databases to Amazon DynamoDB
D. Reserve a data center facility with an upfront payment, which provides an ad
ditional discount
Answer: B
QUESTION 622
A company is building a new archiving system on AWS that will store terabytes
of data. The company will NOT retrieve the data often. Which Amazon s3
storage class will MINIMIZE the cost of the system?
A. S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
B. S3 Glacier
C. S3 intelligent Tiering
D. S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone-IA)
Answer: B
QUESTION 623
Which AWS feature or service provides visibility into abuse events that have
been reported on a given AWS account?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: B
QUESTION 624
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following is
the customer responsible for if they are using a managed service such as
Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)? (Select TWO.)
A. Operating system patching
B. Setting up and managing network controls
C. Managing platform-level identity and access management (IAM)
D. Physical security of the data center
E. Environmental controls
Answer: BC
QUESTION 625
Which AWS Cloud service provides performance recommendations for an AWS
account?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
c. Amazon CloudWatch
D. AWS CloudTrail
Answer: B
QUESTION 626
A company needs to allocate AWS costs across three different departments
running in a single VPC. Each department has a number of Amazon EC2
instances dedicated to the applications fnar are specific to the given
department. How can the costs be allocated across the three departments?
A. Have each department tag their resources, then run a cost allocation report.
B. Create an AWS IAM account with billing access and use the AWS CLI to view
EC2 instance use statistics.
c. Enable billing alerts through Amazon CloudWatch
D. Configure three VPCs. allocating one tor each department
Answer: A
QUESTION 627
Which AWS service should be used to monitor Amazon EC2 instances for CPU
and network utilization?
A. Amazon Inspecto
B. AWS CloudTtail
c. Amazon CloudWatch
D. AWS Config
Answer: C
QUESTION 628
A company is designing a new stateful application to run on AWS. Which
design patterns will help reduce risk? (Select TWO.)
A. Consume compute resources using Amazon EC2 Spot instance types.
B. Use Amazon S3 with a bucket policy that ensures the least restrictive access
to the data.
C. Separate the database tier from the application tier using Amazon RDS.
D. Consolidate application resources into one or two large instance types to
minimize the number of components to be managed.
E. Build a micro services- based architecture to break out application services
into containers for the application tier.
Answer: DE
QUESTION 629
Which of the following is Amazon Aurora compatible with? (Select TWO.)
A. MySQL
B. Microsoft SOL Server
C. Oracle
D. PostgreSQL
E. MahaDB
Answer: AD
QUESTION 630
Which of the following acts as an instance-level firewall to control inbound and
outbound access?
A. Network access control list
B. Security groups
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Virtual private gateways
Answer: B
QUESTION 631
A company has launched a product that requires private connectivity from an
on-premises network to a VPC. Which AWS service or functionality should the
company use?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. VPC peering
C. NAT gateway
D. Internal gateway
Answer: A
QUESTION 632
Who is responsible for managing IAM user access and secret keys according to
the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. IAM access and secret keys are static, so there is no need to rotate them
B. The customer is responsible for rotating keys.
C. AWS will rotate the keys whenever required.
D. The AWS Support team will rotate keys when requested by the customer
Answer: B
QUESTION 633
What type of database is Amazon DynamoDB?
A. In-memory
B. Relational
C. Key-value
D. Graph
Answer: C
QUESTION 634
Which of the following services has a primarily encryption-related purpose?
A.AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS)
B. Amazon EMR
C. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
D. Amazon Macie
Answer: C
QUESTION 635
Which are customer responsibilities when using Amazon EC2? (Select TwO.)
A. Underlying hardware maintenance
B. File-system-level encryption
C. Guest operating system firewall configuration
D. Hypervisor-level software patching
E. Physical security at data center facilities
Answer: BC
QUESTION 636
Which AWS feature enables users to categorize and track their AWS costs?
A. Cost Allocation Tags
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Price List API
D. AWS Organizations
Answer: A
QUESTION 637
A company's security team requires that all Amazon EC2 workloads use approv
edAmazon Machine Images (AMIs).Which AWS service should the company us
e to verify that theEC2 instances are using approved AMIs?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. Amazon Inspector
C. AWS Config
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://aws. amazon.com/blogs/devops/aws- config -checking-forcompliance-with-new-managed-rule-options/
QUESTION 638
Which AWS service or feature can be used to allow users access to compliance
reports as self service downloads?
A. AWS Service Catalog
B. AWS Security Hub
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS Support Center
Answer: C
QUESTION 639
An external auditor needs to verify the compliance and security of the AWS
datacenter facilities where a company's data is stored. How should this request
be addressed?
A. Create a support case using the AWS account root user credentials
requesting that a concierge accompany the auditor to the facility.
B. Contact an AWS technical account manager and request access to the next
scheduled facility tour.
C. Access the AWS Artifact portal and download the required reports to
provide to the auditor.
D. Access the AWS Artifact portal and create an access URL for the auditor to
download the required reports,
Answer: A
QUESTION 640
A user needs to demonstrate which AWS services are compliant with the
Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). Which AWS resource
can be used to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Artifact
B. AWS Certificate Manager
C. AWS Systems Manager
D. AWS Secrets Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 641
A user warts to securely automate me management and rotation of credentials
that are shared between applications, while spending the least amount of time
on managing tasks. Which AWS service or feature can be used to accomplish
this?
A. AWSCloudHSM
B. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
C. AWS Secret Manager
D. Server-side encryption
Answer: C
QUESTION 642
A company is using Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) for a
development environment AWS is responsible for which Amazon ECS
components? (Select TWO.)
A. Network rules
B. IAM
C. Host platform
D. Physical infrastructure
E. Guest operating system
Answer: CD
QUESTION 643
A company needs a data store for highly transactional workloads. Which AWS
service would meet this requirement?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon S3 Glacier
Answer: A
QUESTION 644
Which duty is a responsibility of AWS under the AWS shared responsibility
model?
A. Identity and access management
B. Server-side encryption (SSE)
C. Firewall configuration
D. Maintaining physical hardware
Answer: D
QUESTION 645
Which AWS service enables risk auditing of an AWS account by tracking and
recording user actions and source IP addresses?
A. AWS x Ray
B. AWS Shield
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS CloudTrail
Answer: D
QUESTION 646
When comparing AWS to on premises total cost of ownership (TCO), what
costs are included with AWS?
A. Data center security
B. Business analysis
C. Project management
D. Operating system administration
Answer: A
QUESTION 647
Which of the following can be used to describe infrastructure as code in the
AWS Clouds?
A. AWS CLI
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS CodeDeploy
D. AWS Amplify
Answer: B
QUESTION 648
Where can a user receive help with deploying popular technologies based on
AWS best practices, including architecture and deployment instructions?
A. Amazon QuickSight
B. AWS Artifact
C. AWS Config
D. AWS Quick Starts
Answer: D
QUESTION 649
A user with an AWS Basic Support plan has determined that illegal activities are
being run on their AWS resources What is the recommended method for the
user to report the activity to AWS?
A. Contact the AWS Concierge Support team.
B. Contact an AWS technical account manager.
C. Contact the AWS Abuse team.
D. Contact the AWS Support team.
Answer: C
QUESTION 650
When a user wants to utilize their existing per-socket per-core, or per-virtual
machine software licenses for a Microsoft Windows server running on AWS,
which Amazon EC2instance type is required?
A. Spot Instances
B. Dedicated instances
C. Dedicated Hosts
D. Reserved Instances
Answer: C
QUESTION 651
Service control policies (SCPs) manage permissions for which of the following?
A. Availability Zones
B. AWS Regions
C. AWS Organizations
D. Edge locations
Answer: C
QUESTION 652
Which architecture concept describes the ability to deploy resources on
demand and release resources when they are no longer needed?
A. High availability
B. Decoupled architecture
C. Resilience
D. Elasticity
Answer: D
QUESTION 653
A company is looking for a way to encrypt data stored on Amazon S3 Which
AWS managed service can be used to help to accomplish this?
A. AWS Certifi ate Manager (ACM)
B. AWS Secrets Manager
C. AWS Resource Access Manager
D. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
Answer: D
QUESTION 654
A user has an AWS account with a Business-level AWS Support plan and needs
assistance with handling a production service disruption. Which action should
the user take?
A. Contact the dedicated AWS technical account manage (TAM)
B. Contact the dedicated AWS Concierge Support team
C. Open a business-critical system down support case
D. Open a production system down support case
Answer: C
QUESTION 655
Which of the following is a fully managed MySQL-compatible database?
A. AmazonS3
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon Aurora
Answer: D
QUESTION 656
A company would like to host is MySQL databases on AWS and maintain full
control over the operating system, database installation, and configuration.
Which AWS service should the company use to host the databases?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon EC2
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon Aurora
Answer: B
QUESTION 657
An AWS user wants to proactively detect when an Instance or account might
be compromised or if there are threats from attacks. Which AWS service
should the user choose?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. AWSWAF
C. AWS Shield
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: A
QUESTION 658
Which AWS service will track user activity on AWS?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: C
QUESTION 659
What does the AWS Concierge Support team provide?
A. A technical expert dedicated to the user
B. A primary point of contact for AWS Billing and AWS Support
C. A partner to help provide scaling guidance for an event launch
D. A dedicated AWS staff member who reviews the user's application
architecture
Answer: B
QUESTION 660
Which AWS service allows users to provision resources using a consistent and
repeatable process?
A. AWS Systems Manager
B. AWS Cloud Formation
C. AWS Batch
D. AWS Config
Answer: B
QUESTION 661
What is the best resource for a user to find compliance-related information
and reports about AWS?
A. AWS Artifact
B. AWS Marketplace
C. Amazon Inspector
D. AWS Support
Answer: A
QUESTION 662
What are characteristics of AWS IAM users and groups? (Select TWO.)
A. Groups can be nested and can contain other groups.
B. A user can be a member of multiple groups.
C. Groups can contain users only and cannot be nested.
D. A user can only be a member of a single group at n time.
E. All new users are automatically added to a defaul goup.
Answer: BE
QUESTION 663
Which AWS tool gives users the ability to plan their service usage, service costs,
and instance reservations, and also allows them to set custom alerts when their
costs or usage exceed established thresholds?
A. Cost Explorer
B. AWS Budgets
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. Reserved Instance reporting
Answer: B
QUESTION 664
Which AWS service provides the ability to quickly run one time queries on data
in Amazon S3?
A. Amazon EMR
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon Athena
Answer: D
QUESTION 665
Which task requires the use of AWS account root account user credentials?
A. Closing an AWS account
B. Creating a log file
C. Modifying IAM user permissions
D. Deleting IAM users
Answer: A
QUESTION 666
Which of the following are benefits of running a database on Amazon RDS
compared to an on- premises database? (Select TWO)
A. RDS backups are managed by AWS
B. RDS supports any relational database
C. RDS has no database engine licensing costs
D. RDS database compute capacity can be easily scaled
E. RDS inbound traffic control (for example, security groups) is managed by
AWS
Answer: AD
QUESTION 667
How can consolidated bling within AWS Organizations help lower overall
monthly expenses?
A. By providing a consolidated view of monthly billing across multiple accounts
B. By pooling usage across multiple accounts to achieve a pricing tier discount
C. By automating the creation of new accounts through APIs
D. By leveraging service control policies ($CPs) tor centralized service
management
Answer: B
QUESTION 668
A company needs to migrate an existing on-premises database to the AWS
Cloud. The company must be able to install custom software on the database
instance. Which AWS service can the company use to meet these
requirements?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon RDS
C. Amazon EC2
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: C
QUESTION 669
Which AWS service can be used to run Amazon EC2 instances on-premises at
a user site?
A. AWS Snowball Edge
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. Lambda@Edge
D. AWS Lambda
Answer: A
Explanation: You can run Amazon EC2 compute instances hosted on a Snowba
ll Edge with thesbe1, sbe-c, and sbe -g instance
typeshttps://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh cn/snowball/latest/developer guide/usin
g ec2.html
QUESTION 670
A company needs to perform a one-time migration of 40 TB of data from its onpremises storage servers to Amazon S3. The transfer must happen a quickly as
possible while keeping costs to a minimum. The company has 100 Mbps internet
connectivity. Which AWs service will meet these requirements?
A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS Storage Gateway
D. Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration
Answer: A
QUESTION 671
A company wants to ensure that two Amazon EC2 instances are in separate data
centers with minimal communication latency between the data centers. How can
the company meet this requirements
A. Place the EC2 instances in two separate AWS Regions connected with a VPC
peering connection.
B. Place the EC2 instances in two separate Availability Zones within the same
AWS Region.
C. Place one EC2 instance on premises and the other in an AWS Region Then
connect them by using an AWS VPN connection.
D. Place both EC2 instances in a placement group for dedicated bandwidth.
Answer: D
QUESTION 672
Which AWS service or feature enables users to block the incoming or outgoing
traffic associated with specific IP addresses flowing through a VPC?
A. Network ACLs
B. Security groups
C. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
D. AWS WAF
Answer: A
QUESTION 673
A developer has an AWS account and needs access to another account's testd
atabase.Which AWS service or feature can the developer use to gain access to
the test
database?
A. Amazon Macie
B. Security groups
C.IAM roles
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://ocsz aws. amazon.com/AM/atest/UserGuidel/utorial cro-scowithrles.htmt
QUESTION 674
A company wants to build a new architecture with AWS services. The company
needs to compare service costs at various scales Which AWS service, tool, or fe
ature should the company use to meet the requirement?
A. AWS Compute Optimizer
B. AWS Pricing Calculator
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Cost Explorer rightsizing recommendations
Answer: B
QUESTION 675
A company has performance and regulatory requirements that call for it to run
its workload only in its on- premises data center Which AWS services or
resources should the company use? (Select TWO )
A. Amazon Pinpoint
B. Amazon WorkLin
C. AWS outposts
D. AWS Snowball Edge
E. AWS AppSync
Answer: CD
QUESTION 676
A company needs to migrate its on- premises data to the AWS Cloud. The
company requires elastic, highly optimized connectivity Which AWS service
meets these requirements?
A. Amazon S3 Glacier
B. AWS Storage Gateway
C. AWS Backup
D. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
Answer: B
QUESTION 677
Which AWS service offers the LEAST expensive means of storing static images?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. AWS Snowball
D. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
Answer: A
QUESTION 678
Which AWS services or features help decrease network
latency for a globally dispersed user base? ( Select Two.)
A. Amazon VPC
B. Elastic Load Balancer
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. AWS Direct Connect
E. AWS Global Accelerator
Answer: CE
QUESTION 679
Which AWS service or feature allows a user to set up consolidated billing
A. AWS billing Management Console
B. AWS Organizations
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. AWS Systems Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 680
What is an IAM best practice for AWS account root user access keys?
A. Delete all root user access keys, if possible.
B. Use root user credentials to access sensitive information stored on AWS.
C. Allow the system administrator group to use the root user credentials for
daily access.
D. Use root user credentials to access production database instances.
Answer: A
QUESTION 681
Which security practices are the customer's responsibility under the AWS
shared responsibility model? (Select TWO.)
A. Rotation of IAM access keys
B. Patching of Amazon RDS instances
C. Physical access to a data center
D. Encryption of Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS) volumes
E. Decommissioning of storage devices
Answer: AD
Explanation: Use Amazon EBS encryption as a straight-forward encryption
solution for your EBSresources associated with your EC2 instances. With
Amazon EBS encryption, you aren't required to build, maintain, and secure
your own key management infrastructure. Amazon EBS encryption nuses AWS
Key Management Service (AWS KMS) customer master keys (CMK) when
creating
encrypted volumes and snapshots.
QUESTION 682
Which AWS service or feature can be used to monitor for potential disk write
spikes on a system running on Amazon EC2?
A. AWS CloudTrail
B. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: D
QUESION 683
Which of the following should be considered when performing a Total Cost of
Ownership (TCO) analysis?
A. Currency fluctuations
B. Data center overhead
C. Data security model
D. Network port utilization
Answer: B
QUESTION 684
A company's procurement department wants volume discounts on Aws
services for the company, but numerous departments have separate AWS
accounts. Which AWS service or tool can the company use to receive volume
discounts across multiple AWS accounts?
A. Cost Explorer
B. AWS Budgets
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. AWS Organizations
Answer: D
Explanation: ts//docs.aws.amazon.com/z cn/aws
accountbilling/latest/aboutv2lbilling- what-is.html
QUESTION 685
Which actions are the responsibility of AWS. According to the AWS shared
responsibility model? (Select TWO.)
A. Securing the virtualization layer
B. Patching the operating system on Amazon EC2 instances
C. Enforcing a strict password policy for IAM users
D. Patching the operating system on Amazon RDS instances
E. Configuring security groups and network ACLs
Answer: AD
QUESTION 686
A user needs a relational database but does not have the resources to manage
the hardware, resiliency, and replication. Which AWS service option meets the
user's requirements?
A. Run MySQL on Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS).
B. Run MySQL on Amazon EC2.
C. Choose Amazon RDS for MySQL.
D. Choose Amazon ElastiCache for Redis.
Answer: C
QUESTION 687
A company's newly launched application is gaining in popularity very quickly.
To improve customer service, the company wants to set up a phone number to
manage the increasing volume of calls received by the company's support
staff. Which AWS service should be used to meet this requirement?
A. Amazon Connect
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. Amazon DirectConnect
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: A
Explanation:
https:// aws. amazon.comonnect/atest/adminguide/contact center -phone
numberhtml
QUESTION 688
Which aspect of AWS ifastruture enables global deployment of compute andst
orage?
A. Availability Zones
B. Regions
C. Tags
D. Resource groups
Answer: B
Explanation: https://loudacademy.com/blog/aws-global-infrastructure/
QUESTION 689
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model provides the MOST cost savings for analway
s- up, right sized database server running for a project that will last 1 year?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Convertible Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Standard Reserved Instances
Answer: D
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/zh_ tw/whitepapers/latest/cost- opti
mization-reservation-models/standard-vs. convertible offering-classe
QUESTION 690
Which AWS service or feature natively provides an encrypted connection that c
anbe used to move data from on premises infrastructure to the AWS Cloud?
A.AWS Direct Connect
B.VPC endpoint
C. AWS VPN
D.AWS PrivateLink
Answer: B
QUESTION 691
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the
customer's responsibility?
A. Maintaining the infrastructure needed to run AWS Lambda
B. Updating the operating system of Amazon DynamoDB instances
C. Maintaining Amazon S3 infrastructure
D. Updating the guest operating system on Amazon EC2 instances
Answer: D
QUESTION 692
Which AWS service or tool simplifies the creation, maintenance, validation,
sharing and deployment of Linux or Windows Server templates for use with
Amazon EC2 and on premises VMs?
A. AWS CodePipeline
B. Amazon EC2 Image Builder
C. AWS CloudFormation
D. Amazon EC2 Amazon Machine Image (AMI)
Answer: B
QUESTION 693
Which AWS service uses a combination of publishers and subscribers?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. AWS CloudFormation
Answer: B
QUESTION 694
A company needs to improve the response rate of high. volume queries to its
relational database Which AWS service should the company use to offload
requests to the database and improve overall response time ?
A. Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX)
B. Amazon ElastiCache
C. Elastic Load Balancing
D. AWS Global Accelerator
Answer: D
QUESTION 695
Which AWS service facilitates transporting 50 GB of data from an on-premises
data center to an Amazon S3 bucket without using a network connection?
A. AWS Snowball
B. AWS CodeDeploy
C. AWS Backup
D. AWS Direct Connect
Answer: B
QUESTION 696
A user wants to transport data between AWS and an on-premises environment
using a private network connection. Which AWS service or feature can be used
to meet these requirements?
A. NAT gateway
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. Amazon VPC
D. Internet gateway
Answer: B
QUESTION 697
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, the customer is responsible
for maintaining:
A. physical access to the AWS network.
B. the patching of the host operating system.
C. data encryption in Amazon S3.
D. the operating system for Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: C
QUESTION 698
Which AWS service is designed to help users who want to use machine
learning for natural language processing (NLP) but do not have experience in
machine learning?
A. Amazon Comprehend
B. Amazon SageMaker
c. AWS Deep Learning AMIs (DLAMI
D. Amazon Rekognition
Answer: A
QUESTION 699
Which security credentials are required to run commands by using the AWS
Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)?
A. Access Key ID and Secret Access Key
B. AWS root user email and password
C. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) key pairs
D.AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) user name and password
Answer: A
Explanation: https:/ aws. amazon.comcilatetusereid/li-oigore quikstar.html
QUESTION 700
A user needs to determine whether an Amazon EC2 instance's security groups
were modified in the last month. How can the user see if a change was made?
A. Use Amazon EC2 to see if the security group was changed,
B. Use AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) to see which user or role
changed the security group.
C. Use AWS CloudTrail to see if the security group was changed.
D. Use Amazon CloudWatch to see if the security group was changed.
Answer: B
QUESTION 701
A company is building distributed, loosely coupled applications. The company
needs to publish messages from application and immediately. Which AWS
service can the company use to meet these requirements?
A. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQs)
B. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
C. AmazonS3
D. Amazon Simple Email Service (Amazon SES)
Answer: A
QUESTION 702
A web developer has limited knowledge of AWS networking services such as
Amazon VPC, Elastic Load Balancing, and Auto Scaling, but wants to host a
highly available web application. Which AWS service would automatically
handle the deployment and reduce the complexity for the developer?
A.AWS CodeDeploy
B.AWS Resource Access Manager
C.AWS Elastic Beanstalk
D.AWS CloudFormation
Answer: C
Explanation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/Welcome
.html
QUESTION 703
An administrator observed that multiple AWS resources were deleted yesterda
y.
Which AWS service will help identify the cause and determinewhich user delete
d the resources?
A. AWS CloudTrail
B. Amazon Inspector
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: C
QUESTION 704
Which of the fllowing enables users to leveragethe power of AWS services
programmatically?
A.AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI)
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.AWS CodeDeploy
D.AWS Management Console
Answer: D
Explanation: htt/:// amazon. com/blog/aw/catgryaow-sraremet-console/
QUESTION 705
A company wants to connect to AWS over a private
low latency connection from its remote office. What is the recommended
method to meet these requirements'?
A. Create a VPN tunnel
B. Connect the public internet
C. Use VPC peering to create a connection
D. Use AWS Direct Connect
Answer: D
QUESTION 706
What are the benefits of consolidated billing for AWS Cloud services? (Select
TWO.)
A. Volume discounts
B. A minimal additional tee for use
C. One bill tor multiple accounts
D. Installment payment options
E. Custom cost usage and budget creation
Answer: AC
Explanation:hps://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/con
solidated billing
QUESTION 707
An online retail company has seasonal sales spikes several times a year,
primarily around holidays Demand is lower at other times. The company finds
it difficult to predict the increasing infrastructure demand for each season.
Which advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud would MOST benefit the
company? (Select TWO )
A. Global footprint
B. Elasticity
C. AWS service quotas
D. AWS shared responsibility model
E. Pay-as-you-go pricing
Answer: BE
QUESTION 708
Which AWS service or tool should a company use to centrally request and
track service limit increases?
A. AWS Config
B. Service Quotas
C. AWS Service Catalog
D. AWS Budgets
Answer: D
QUESTION 709
Which AWS services after compute capabilities? (select Two)
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
D. Amazon Cognito
E. AWS lambda
Answer: AE
QUESTION 710
A retail company has recently migrated its website to AWS. The company
wants to ensure that it is protected from SQL injection attacks. The website
uses an Application Load Balancer to distribute traffic to multiple Amazon
EC2 instances Which AWS service or feature can be used to create a custom
rule that blocks SQL injection attacks?
A. Security groups
B. AWS WAF
C. Network ACLS
D. AWS Shield
Answer: D
QUESTION 711
A company learns that a user's API key has been exposed in a public code
repository. The user has access to sensitive data. What is the FIRST step the
company should take to ensure the security of its data?
A. Email the user to inform them of their mistake
B. Create a new API key for the user in AWS Identify and Access Management
(IAM).
C. Review the API activity of the key in AWS CloudTrail.
D. Deactivate the user s API key in AWS Identity and Access Management
(IAM)
Answer: D
QUESTION 712
Which AWS service provides the capability to view end-to-end performance
metrics and troubleshoot distributed applications?
A. AWSCloud9
B. AWS CodeStar
C. AWS Cloud Map
D. AWSX-Ray
Answer: D
QUESTION 713
Any Company recently purchased Example Corp Both companies use AWS
resources, and Any Company wants a single aggregated bill Which option
allows Any Company to receive a single bill?
A. Example Corp. must submit a request to its AWS solutions architect or AWS
technical account manager to link the accounts and consolidate billing
B. Any Company must create a new support case in the AWS Support Center
requesting that both bills be combined
C. Send an invitation to join the organization from Any Company's AWS
Organization master account to Example Corp
D. Migrate the Example Corp VPCs, Amazon EC2 instances, and other
resources into the Any Company AWS account
Answer: C
QUESTION 714
Which AWS service can be used to turn text into lite -like speech?
A. Amazon Polly
B. Amazon Transcribe
C. Amazon Rekognition
D. Amazon Lex
Answer: A
QUESTION 715
A user is building a simple online calculator and wants to use AWS compute as
cost-effectively as possible. The calculator must be higly available for even a
small number of users. Where should the code for calculations be hosted?
A. On an Amazon EC2 Memory Optimized Reserved Instance
B. On an Amazon EC2 Compute Optimized1 Reserved Instance
C. On an Amazon EC2 Compute Optimized Spot Instance
D. In an AWS Lambda function
Answer: D
QUESTION 716
A company needs to perform data processing once a week that typically lakes
about 5 hours to complete. Which AWS service should the company use for
this workload?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon EC2
C. AWS CodeDeploy
D. AWS Wavelength
Answer: A
QUESTION 717
A company has a compliance requirement to encrypt data in transit and a rest.
The company is serving the content through Amazon EC2 instances behind an
Elastic Load Balancer and is storing data in Amazon Elastic Block Store
(Amazon EBS) volumes
Which combination of AWS services should the company use to stay compliant
with this requirement? (Select TWO )
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. AWS Shield
C. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
D. AWS Secrets Manager
E. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
Answer: DE
QUESTION 718
Which VPC component provides a layer of security at the subnet level?
A. Security groups
B. Network ACLS
C.NAT gateways
D. Route tables
Answer: A
Explanation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_ SecurityGroups.html
QUESTION 719
Which of the following securityrelated aspects of running an Amazon ElasticCompute Cloud (Amazon EC2) ins
tance is the responsibility of AWS?
A. Security of private keys
B. Hypervisor software updates
C. Security updates to software running on the instance
D. Policies controlling instance access
Answer: B
QUESTION 720
A company needs a storage solution that:- ls low cost.-
ls for infrequently accessed data.- Quickly accesses data when required.-
oes not require data lo be resilient Which AmazonS3 storageoption should the
company use?
A.S3 Standard-Infrequent Access (S3 Standard-IA)
B.S3 Standard
C.S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone IA)
D.S3 Glacier
Answer: C
Explanation:S3 One ZonelA is for data that is accessed less frequently, but requires rapid accesswhen ne
eded. Unlike other S3 Storage Classes which store data in a minimum of three
Availability Zones (AZs), S3 One Zone-lA stores data in a single AZ and costs
20% less than s3
Standard-lA. S3 One Zone-lA is ideal for customers who want a lower-cost
option for infrequently accessed data but do not require the availability and
resilience of S3 Standard or S3 Standard-lA. It' sa good choice for storing
secondary backup copies of on premises data or easily re-creatable data. You
can also use it as cost effective storage for data that is replicated from another
AWS Region using s3 Cross-Region Replication.
QUESTION 721
Which AWS services can be used to set up NoSQL databases? (Select TWO.)
A. Amazon Redshilt
B. Amazon Aurora
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon S3
E. Amazon DocumentDB (with MongoDB compalibility)
Answer: CE
QUESTION 722
Which tool can be used to identity scheduled changes to the AWS
infrastructure?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. billing Dashboard
D. AWS Config
Answer: A
QUESTION 723
A company is requesting Payment Card Industry (PCI) reports that validate the
operating effectiveness of AWS security controls. How should the company
obtain these reports?
A. Contact AWS Support.
B. Download reports from AWS Artifact.
C. Download reports from AWS Security Hub
D. Contact an AWS technical account manager (TAM)
Answer: B
QUESTION 724
Which AWS service provides business analytics that enable users to create and
publish interactive dashboards?
A. Amazon Kinesis
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. AWS  Ray
D. Amazon QuickSight
Answer: D
QUESTION 725
Which AWS service acts as a data extract transform and load (ETL) tool to
make it easy to prepare data for analytics?
A. Amazon QuickSight
B. Amazon Athena
C. AWS Glue
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Answer: C
QUESTION 726
Which AWS service does AWS snow does AWS snowball Edge natively
support?
A. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
B. Amazon Aurora
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon EC2
Answer: D
Explanation:
An AWS Snowball Edge device, a ruggedized device that does not require built
up data center space to run. You can run cloud native ,services like Amazon S3,
Amazon EC2, Amazon EBS, AWS loT Greengrass, and a Network File System
(NFS) interface for data ingestion
QUESTION 727
To avoid malicious compute activities, a user needs a quick way to determine if
any Amazon EC2 instances have ports that allow Unrestricted access. Which
AWS service will support this requirement?
A. VPC Flow Logs
B. AWS WAl
C. AWS CloudTrai
D. AWS Trus ed Advisor
Answer: D
QUESTION 728
AWS trusted advisor can monitor and provide advice on what characteristics of
an AWS account?
A. Compliance with security best practices
B. Application performance
C. Network utilization
D. Cost optimization
E. Compliance status
Answer: AD
QUESTION 729
Which AWS service will allow a user to set custom cost and usage limits, and
will alert when the thresholds are exceeded?
A. AWS Organizations
B. AWS Budgets
C. Cost Explorer
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
QUESTION 730
A company previously lost data that was stored in an on-premises data center.
To protect against future of data, the company wants to use AWS to
automatically launch thousands of its machines in a fully provisioned state in
minutes, in a format that supports data restoration. Which AWS service should
the company use to meet these requirements?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. AWS Storage Gateway
C. Cloud Disaster Recovery
D. AWS Backup
Answer: C
QUESTION 731
Which tasks require using AWS account root user credentials? (Select TW.)
A. Creating an Amazon EC2 key pair
B. Removing an IAM user from the administrators group
C. Changing the AWS Support plan
D. Creating an Amazon CloudFront key pair
E. Granting an IAM user full administrative
Answer: CD
QUESTION 732
If a user has an AWS account with an enterprise level AWS support plan, who is
the primary point of contact for billing or account inquiries?
A. Solutions architect
B. AWS Concierge Support team
C. An AWS Marketplace seller
D. AWS Partner Network (APN) partner
Answer: B
QUESTION 733
A company has existing software licenses that it wants bring to AWS, but the
licensing model requires licensing physical cores. How can the company meet
this requirement in the AWS cloud?
A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance with default tenancy
B. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance on a Dedicated Host
C. Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation
D. Purchase Dedicated Reserved Instances
Answer: B
QUESTION 734
When using Amazon RDS what is the customer responsible for?
A. Patching and maintenance of the underlying operating system
B. Managing automatic backups of the database
C. Controlling network access through security groups
D. Replacing failed instances in the event of a hardware failure
Answer: C
QUESTION 735
Which AWS services offer compute capabilities?
A. Amazon FC2
B. AmazonS3
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
D. Amazon Cognito
E. AWS Lambda
Answer: AE
QUESTION 736
A company wants an in-memory data store that is compatible with open
source in the cloud Which AWS service should the company use?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon ElastiCache
c. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: B
QUESTION 737
When comparing AWS cloud with premises total cost of ownership which
expenses must be considered?
A. Physical storage hardware
B. Operating system administration
C. Network infrastructure of data center
D. Project management
E. Database schema development
Answer: AC
QUESTION 738
A company is required lo store its data close to its primary users. Which benefit
of the AWS Cloud supports this requirement?
A. Security
B. High availability
C. Elasticity
D. Global footprint
Answer: D
QUESTION 739
A company has a globally distributed user base. The company needs its
application to be highly available and have low latency for end users. Which
AWS architectural approach will most effectively support these requirements?
A. Single-Region, Multi-AZ architecture
B. Multi-Region, active-active architecture
C. Multi-Region, active-password architecture
D. Sign-Region, Single -AZ architecture
Answer: B
QUESTION 740
Which encryption types can be used to protect objects at rest amazon S3?
A. Server side encryption with S3 managed encryption keys (SSE-S3)
B. Server side encryption with AWS KMS managed encryption keys (SSE KMS)
C.TLS
D. SSL
E. Transparent Data Encryption (TDE)
Answer: AB
QUESTION 741
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, when using amazon RDS
who is responsible for scheduling and performing backups?
A. AWS is responsible fr both tasks
B. The customer is responsible for scheduling and AWS is responsible for
performing backups
C. The customer is responsible for both tasks
D. AWS is esponsible for scheduling and the user is responsible lot performing
backups
Answer: B
QUESTION 742
Which of the following are AWS compute services? (Select TWO.)
A. Amazon Lightsail
B. AWS Systems Manager
c. AWS CloudFormation
D. AWS Batch
E. Amazon Inspector
Answer: AD
QUESTION 743
A company with an AWS Business Support plan wants to identify Amazon
EC2Reserved that are scheduled to expire. Which AWS service or feature can
the company use to accomplish this goal?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. Elastic Load Balancing health checks
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. EC2 instance status checks
Answer: C
QUESTION 744
Which pricing model will interrupt a running amazon EC2 instance if capacity
becomes temporarily unavailable?
A. on-Demand Instances
B. Standard Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Convertible Reserved Instances
Answer: C
QUESTION 745
A company uses Amazon DynamoDB in its AWS Cloud architecture. According
to the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following are
responsibilities of the company? (Select TWO )
A. Operating system patching and upgrades
B. Application of appropriate permissions with IAM tools
C. Configuration of data encryption options
D. Creation of DynamoDB endpoints
E. Infrastructure provisioning and maintenance
Answer: AB
QUESTION 746
Which type of AWS infrastructure deployment puts AWS compute, storage
database, and other select services closer to end users to run latency-sensitive
applications?
A. AWS Regions
B. Availability Zones
C. Local Zones
D. Edge locations
Answer: C
Explanation: AWS Local Zones are a type of AWS infrastructure deployment
that place compute, storage, database, and other select services closer to large
population, industry, and IT centers, enabling you to deliver applications that
require single- digit millisecond latency to end-users.
QUESTION 747
A company needs to monitor and forecast AWS costs and usage. The company
also must set event-driven alert notifications that occur if spending limits are
exceeded. Which AWS service or tool should the company use to meet these
requirements?
A.AWS Budgets
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C.AWS Config
D.AWS Service Catalog
Answer: A
QUESTION 748
A cloud practitioner needs an effective method to decrease application latency
and increase performance for end users Which services will help?
A. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS) for Kubernetes
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon AppStream 2.0
D. Amazon ElasliCache
E. Amazon CtoudFront
Answer: DE
QUESTION 749
Which AWS service allows customers to purchase unused amazon EC2 capacity
at an often discounted rate ?
A. Reserved Instances
B. On Demand Instances
C. Dedicated Instances
D. Spot Instances
Answer: D
QUESTION 750
Which of the following are benefit of the AWS business support plan?
A. Dedicated AWS technical account manager (TAM)
B. Response time of less than 15 minutes for business critical cases
C. Phone, email and chat support 24 hours a day 7 days a week
D. Full set of AWS trusted Advisor best practice checks
E. Well-Architected reviews
Answer: CD
QUESTION 751
A customer is deploying a now serverless application running on AWS Lambda.
Which of the following are the customer's responsibilities under the AWS
shared responsibility model? (Select TWO )
A. Application management
B. Platform management
C. Application identity and access
D. Storage infrastructure
E. AWS global infrastructure
Answer: AC
QUESTION 752
A company uses Amazon EC2 infrastructure to host steady- state workloads
and needs to achieve significant cost savings. Which EC2 instance pricing
model should the company select?
A. Reserved Instances
B. On Demand Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: A
QUESTION 753
Which design principles are enabled by the AWS cloud to improve the
operation of workloads?
A. Minimize upfront design
B. Loose coupling
C. Disposable resources
D. Server design and concurrency
E. Minimal viable product
Answer: BE
QUESTION 754
A user an optimize Amazon EC2 costs by performing which of the following
tasks? (Select Two )
A. Implementing Auto Scaling group, to add and remove instances based on
demand
B. Creating a policy to restrict IAM users from creating new instances
C. Setting a budget to limit spending on EC2 instances using AWS Budgets
D. Purchasing Reserved Instances
E. Adding EC2 instances to a second AWS Region that is geographically close
to the end users
Answer: AD
QUESTION 755
Which AWS service would identify if unrestricted access to a resource has been
allowed by a security group?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. VPC Flow Logs
D. AWS CloudTrail
Answer: A
QUESTION 756
Which pillar of the AWS well-architected framework refers to the ability of a
system to recover from infrastructure or service disruptions and dynamically
acquire computing resources to meet demand?
A. Security
B. Reliability
C. Performance efficiency
D. Cost optimization
Answer: B
QUESTION 757
Which of the following can be used to identify a specific user who stopped an
amazon EC2 instance?
A. AWS CloudTrail
B. Amazon Inspector
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. VPC Flow Logs
Answer: A
QUESTION 758
Which security-related task is the responsibility of the customer in the AWS
cloud?
A. Securing infrastructure at data centers
B. Maintaining firewall configurations at a hardware level
C. Maintaining networking among hardware components
D. Maintaining server side encryption
Answer: D
QUESTION 759
Which amazon S3 storage class allows users to store data backups for long
periods of time at the LOWEST cost?
A. S3 Standard -infrequent Access (S3 Standard IA)
B. S3 Standard
C. S3 Glacier
D. S3 One Zone Infrequent Access (S3 One Zone IA)
Answer: C
QUESTION 760
A company is building a business intelligence solution and wants to use
dashboards for reporting purposes. Which AWS service can be used?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon Elasticsearc Service (Amazon ES)
C. Amazon QuicKSight
D. Amazon A thena
Answer: C
QUESTION 761
A company requires an isolated environment within AWS for security purposes.
Which action can be taken to accomplish this?
A. Create a separate Availability Zone to host the resources.
B. Create a separate VPC to host the resources.
C. Create a placemen group to host the resources.
D.Create an AWS Direct Connect connection between the companyand AWS.
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs. aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/WindowsGuide/infrastructure se
curit.htmlhttps://aws .amazon.com/aws- cost-management/aws budgets/
QUESTION 762
Which of the following technologies provides a secure network connection fro
mon-premises to AWS?
A. Virtual Private Network
B. AWS Snowball
C. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC)
D. AWS Mobile Hub
Answer: A
QUESTION 763
Which AWS service or component allos inbound taffif from the
internet to access a VPC?
A. Internet gateway
B. NAT gateway
C. AWS WAF
D. VPC peering
Answer: A
Explanation: Aws Virtual Private Network solutions establish secure connections
between your on-premises networks, remote offices, client devices, and the
AWS global network. AWS VPN is comprised of two services: AWS Site-to-Site
VPN and AWS Client VPN. Together, they deliver a highly-available, managed,
and elastic cloud VPN solution to protect your network traffic
QUESTION 764
The AWS cost management tools give users the ability to do which of the
following?
A. Terminate all AWS resources automatically if budget thresholds are
exceeded.
B. Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account
C. Create budgets and receive notifications if current or forecasted usage
exceeds the budgets.
D. Switch automatically to Reserved Instances or Spot Instances, whichever is
most cost- effective
E. Move data stored in Amazon S3 to a more cost- effective storage class.
Answer: BC
QUESTION 765
A company has a managed IAM policy that does not grant the necessary
permission for users to accomplish required tasks How can this be resolved?
A. Enable AWS Shield Advanced
B. Create a custom IAM policy
C. Use a third party web application firewall (WAF) managed rule from the
AWS Marketplace
D. Use AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS) to create a customer
managed key
Answer: B
QUESTION 766
What are the market advantages of running workloads in the AWS cloud?
A. Less staff time is required to deploy new workloads
B. Increased time to market for new application features
C. Higher acquisition costs to support peak workloads
D. Increased productivity for application development teams
E. A decrease in the average server CPU utilization
Answer: AD
QUESTION 767
Which factor will have the MOST effect on cost?
A. The selection of S3 storage tiers
B. Charges to transfer existing data into Amazon S3
C. The addition of S3 bucket policies
D. S3 ingest fees for each request
Answer: A
QUESTION 768
To optimize costs and resource usage, a company needs to monitor the
operations health of its entire system of AWS Cloud resources. Which AWS
service will meet these requirements?
A. AWS Organizations
B. Amazon CloudWatch
c. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Config
Answer: B
QUESTION 769
Which cloud computing advantage is a company applying when it users in
different countries ?
A. Pay-as-you go pricing
B. Capacity forecasting
C. Economies of scale
D. Global reach
Answer: D
QUESTION 770
AWS trusted advisor provides recommendations on which of the following?
A. Cost optimization
B. Auditing
C. Serverless architecture
D. Performance
E. Scalability
Answer: AD
QUESTION 771
Which of the following is an AWS value proportion that describes a user's
ability to scale infrastructure based on demand?
A. Speed of innovation
B. Resource elasticity
C. Decoupled architecture
D. Global deployment
Answer: B
QUESTION 772
An application that runs on Amazon EC2 needs to accommodate a flexible
workload that can run or terminate at any time of day. Which pricing model
will accommodate these requirements at the LOWEST cost?
A. Spot Instances
B. Reserved Instances
C. On-Demand Instances
D. Dedicated Host
Answer: A
QUESTION 773
A company wants to implement an automated security assessment of the
scanty and network accessibility of its Amazon EC2 instances. Which AWS
service can be used To accomplish this?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon GuardDuty
Answer: D
QUESTION 774
A security engineer wants a single-tenant AWS solution to create, control, and
manage their own cryptographic keys to meet regulatory compliance
requirements for data security. Which AWS service should the engineer use?
A. AWS Key Management Service (AWS KMS)
B. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
C. AWS CloudHSM
D. AWS Systems Manager
Answer: C
QUESTION 775
Which AWS service does AWS Snowball Edge natively support?
A. AWS Server Migration Service (AWS SMS)
B. Amazon Aurora
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Amazon EC2
Answer: D
Explanation:
An AWS Snowball Edge device, a ruggedized device that does not require built
up data centers pace to run. You can run cloud native services like Amazon S3,
Amazon EC2, Amazon EBS, AWS IoT Greengrass, and a Network File System
(NFS interface for data ingestion.
QUESTION 776
Which AWS service provides a report that enables users to assess AWS
infrastructure compliance?
A. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
B. Amazon Document DB (with MongoDB compatibility)
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: C
QUESTION 777
A solutions architect needs to maintain a fleet of Amazon EC2 instances so that
any Impaired instances are replaced with new ones. Which AWS service should
the solutions architect use?
A. Amazon Elastic Container Service (Amazon ECS)
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. AWS Shield
D. AWS Auto Scaling
Answer: C
QUESTION 778
What does Amazon CloudFront provide?
A. Automatic scaling for all resources to power an application from a single
unified interface
B. Secure delivery of data, videos plication. and APIs to users globally with low
latency
C. Ability to directly manage traffic globally through a variety of routing types,
including latency-based routing, geo ONS. Geoproximity, and weighted round
robin
D. Automatic distribution of incoming application traffic across multiple targets,
such as AmazonEC2 instances, containers. IP addresses, and AWS Lambda
functions
Answer: C
QUESTION 779
A company uses Amazon EC2 Instances in its AWS account tor several different
workloads. The company needs to perform an analysis to understand the cost
of each. workload. What is the MOST operationally efficient way to meet this
requirement?
A. Move the EC2 instances for each workload into separate AWS accounts.
B. Use a different EC2 instance family for each of the workloads.
C. Add cost allocation tags to each EC2 instance, and activate the tags
D. Update the workload applications to publish usage data to a cost allocation
database.
Answer: C
QUESTION 780
A company wants to use an AWS service to continuously monitor the health of
its application endpoints based on proximity to application users. The company
also needs to route traffic to healthy Regional endpoints and to improve
application availability and performance. Which service will meet these
requirements?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. AWS Global Accelerator
D. AWS Cloud Formation
Answer: C
QUESTION 781
Which guideline is a well-architected design principle for building cloud
applications?
A. Keep static data closer to compute resources.
B. Provision resources for peak capacity.
C. Design for automated recovery from failure.
D. Use tightly coupled components
Answer: C
QUESTION 782
AWS services offer gateway VPC endpoints that can be used to avoid sending
traffic over the internet? (Select TWO)
A. Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS)
B. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)
C. AWS CodeBuild
D. AmazonS3
E. Amazon DynamoDB
Answer: DE
QUESTION 783
Which AWS Cloud deployment model uses Aws Outposts as part of the
application deployment infrastructure?
A. On-premises
B. Serverless
C. Cloud-native
D. Hybrid
Answer: D
QUESTION 784
Which are benefits of using Amazon RDS over Amazon EC2 when runningrelati
onal databases on AWS? (Select TWO )
A. Automated backups
B. Schema management
C. Indexing of tables
D. Software patching
E. Extract, transform, and load (ETL) management
Answer: AD
QUESTION 785
A company wants to forecast its AWS Cloud costs for the upcoming year byan
alyzing its past AWS Cloud spending trends.Which AWS service should the co
mpany use tomeet this requirement?
A.AWS Control Tower
B. Cost Explorer
C.AWS OpsWorks
D.AWS CloudFormation
Answer: B
Explanation:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbiliglatest/aboutv2/ce fo
recast.html
QUESTION 786
Which AWS service should a company use to provision, manage, and deploy
SSL/TLS certificates?
A. AWS Secrets Manager
B. Amazon Inspector
C. AWS CodeDeploy
D. AWS Certificate Manager (ACM)
Answer: D
QUESTION 787
A company wants to enhance security by launching a third-party ISP intrusion
detection system from its AWS account. Which AWS service or resource should
the company use to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Security Hub
B. AWS Marketplace
C. AWS Quick Starts
D. AWS Security Center
Answer: D
QUESTION 788
Which of the following are benefits of using the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO)
A.100% fault tolerance
B. Total control over underlying infrastructure
C. Fast provisioning of IT resources
D. Outsourcing all application coding to AWS
E. Ability to go global quickly
Answer: CE
QUESTION 789
Which AWS service requires the customer to patch the guest operating
system?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon Elasticsearch Service (Amazon ES)
C. Amazon EC2
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: C
QUESTION 790
Which actions allow a company's security team to improve the security
procedures for employees accessing AWS resources? (Select TWO )
A. Create IAM users. for groups of employees to share
B. Create IAM policies based on least privilege principles
C. Create IAM users in different Availability Zones
D. Enable multi-factor authentication for privileged users
E. Specify an individual IAM user for each Amazon EC2 instance
Answer: BD
QUESTION 791
A company is deploying a machine learning (ML) research project that will
require a lot of compute power over several months. The ML processing jobs
do not need to run at specific times. Which Amazon EC2 instance purchasing
option will meet these requirements at the lowest cost?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Reserved Instances
D. Dedicated Instances
Answer: A
QUESTION 792
What does the AWS Cloud provide to increase the speed and agility of
execution for customers? (Select TWO.)
A. Readily available resources with low provisioning times
B. Scalable compute capacity
C. Free Tier services usage
D. Access to AWS data centers
E. Lower resource provisioning cost
Answer: AB
QUESTION 793
A batch workload takes 5 hours to finish on an Amazon EC2 instance. The
amount of data to be processed doubles monthly and the processing time is
proportional. What is the best cloud architecture to address this consistently
growing demand?
A. Run the application on a bigger EC2 instance size.
B. Switch to an EC2 instance family that better matches batch requirements
C. Distribute the application across multiple EC2 instances and run the
workload in parallel.
D. Run the application on a bare metal EC2 instance.
Answer: C
QUESTION 794
How can users protect against distributed denial of service (DDOS) attacks in
the AWS Cloud?
A. Use Amazon CloudWatch monitoring.
B. Configure a firewall.,
C. Use Amazon Redshift
D. Monitor AWS CloudTrail logging
Answer: B
QUESTION 795
Which AWS service or feature gives end users the ability to access AWS
resources from any location by using an encrypted connection?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Client VPN
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. AWS PrivateLink
Answer: B
QUESTION 796
Which AWS service provides recommendations for rightsizing AWS resources
such as Amazon EC2 instances, Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
volumes and Amazon RDS databases to help users reduce costs?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Service Health Dashboard
D. Amazon Forecast
Answer: B
QUESTION 797
A company has an AWS environment that consists of a VPC. multiple subnets,
and many Amazon EC2 instances in the subnets. An engineer wants to restrict
inbound traffic to one particular EC2 instance without affecting the other EC2
instances. Which AWS service or feature should the engineer use to meet this
requirement?
A. Network ACLS
B. Security groups
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. AWS Shield
Answer: A
QUESTION 798
Which tasks require the use of the AWS account root user? (Select TWO)
A. Launching a new Amazon EC2 instance
B. Viewing AWS CloudTrail logs
C. Contacting AWS Support
D. Changing AWS Support plans
E. Changing billing currency
Answer: BE
QUESTION 799
Which AWS service enables users to identify the changes made to a resource
overtime?
A. AWS CloudFormation
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Service Catalog
D. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Answer: B
QUESTION 800
Which AWS service or feature can help a company determine if it has Amazon
s3buckets that are publicly available?
A.AWS Service Health Dashboard
B. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
C.AWS Trusted Advisor
D.AWS Service Catalog
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://d1.awsstatic. com/product- marketing/S3/Amazon s3_ Security eBook 2
020.pdf
QUESTION 801
Which of the following are security best practices for using AWS ldentity andAc
cess Management (IAM)? (Select TWO)
A. Use AWS account root user credentials for IAM tasks
B. Rotate credentials regularly
C. Do not remove credentials, even if they are never used
D. Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA)
E. Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies
Answer: BD
QUESTION 802
A user is building an application on AWS that requires a backend database. Th
eapplication requires access to the operating system of the instance where the
database is
installed in order to run scripts. Where should the database be hosted if the us
er's goal is tocreate minimum management overhead?
A. On Amazon RDS
B. On Amazon EC2
C. On Amazon DynamoDB
D. On Amazon S3
Answer: B
QUESTION 803
Which feature of AWS Auto Scaling will forecast future traffic to schedule
changes in the number of Amazon EC2 instances at the appropriate times?
A. Scheduled scaling
B. Predictive scaling
C. Target tracking scaling
D. Step scaling
Answer: A
QUESTION 804
A company wants to build an application for a new line of business. According
to the AWS Well-Architected Framework, what design principles should be
implemented? (Select TWO.)
A. Consolidate multiple AWS accounts into a single account
B. Buy and host hardware in the AWS Cloud.
C. Decouple the AWS Cloud architecture to break up monolithic deployments.
D. Move on-premises network hardware to VPCs.
E. Design elasticity into the AWS Cloud design
Answer: CE
QUESTION 805
Which AWS Trusted Advisor check includes the verification of AWS CloudTrail
logging?
A. Performance
B. Fault tolerance
C. Security
D. Service limits
Answer: C
QUESTION 806
Which design principles of the AWS Well-Architected Framework help increase
reliability? (Select TWO.)
A. Automatically recover from failure
B. Enable traceability.
C. Scale horizontally to increase workload availability.
D. Automate security best practices
E. Keep people away from data
Answer: AC
QUESTION 807
A company believes an unauthorized user copied data from an Amazon S3 bu
cketto their own account.Which AWS service will record the actions taken by th
e user?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B.AWS CloudTrail
C.AWS Infrastructure Event Management
D.AWS Systems Manager
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Amazon3/latest/userguide/security-bestpractices.html
QUESTION 808
Which AWS service provides a simple way to set up a new multiaccount AWSenvironment and govern it at scale?
A.AWS Trusted Advisor
B.AWS Security Hub
C.AWS Control Tower
D.AWS Resource Access Manager
Answer: C
Explanation;
https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2020/04/you-can-nowuse aws-control-tower-to-set-up-new multi-account aws environments inaws organizations/
QUESTION 809
How does the AWS global infrastructure offer high availability and fault toleran
ce to its users?
A.The AWS infrastructure is made up of multiple AWS Regions within various A
vilabilit Zoneslocated in areas that have low flood risk, and are interconnected
with low-latency networks andredundant power supplies.
B.The AWS infrastructure consists of subnets containing various Availability Zon
es with multiple data centers located in the same geographic location.
C.AWS allows users to choose AWS Regions and data centers so that users can
select the closestdata centers in different Regions.
D.The AWS infrastructure consists of isolated AWS Regions with independent A
vailability Zones that are connected with lowtency networking and redundan power supplies.
Answer: D
QUESTION 810
How can moving to the AWS Cloud help users reduce the time dedicated to
operating system patching? (Choose two.)
A. Users can take advantage of managed services on AWS.
B. Users can outsource operating system patching to the AWS Support team.
C.AWS rofessional Services will upgrade instances to the latest operating syste
m versions.
D. Users have the ability to use license included Amazon EC2 instances
E. Users can take advantage of AWS Systems Manager features.
Answer: AE
QUESTION 811
A user has an AWS Business Support plan and requires detailed billing
information. Which AWS resource will help?
A.AWS Concierge Support
B.AWS Service Catalog
C.AWS Budgets
D.AWS Cost and Usage Report
Answer: D
QUESTION 812
A company has enabled blling alerts in its AWS account and wants to receive a
notification through Amazon Simple Notification Service (Amazon SNS) whene
ver its monthly billexceeds a set amount.Which AWS service or tool should the
company use to achieve this?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. Cost Explorer
C.AWS Cost and Usage Report
D.AWS Pricing Calculator
Answer: A
Explanation: https://docs. aws.amazon.com/AmazonClcudWatch/latest/monito
ring/monitor_ estimated charges_ with cloudwatch.html
QUESTION 813
A user wants to move legacy applications to the AWS Cloud to reduce the tot
alcost.Which option is the MOST cost-effective according to best practices?
A.Rewrite the legacy applications in an open-source language, such as Python.
B. Right-size the Amazon EC2 instances to prevent overprovisioning in terms of compute and memory.
C. Migrate relational databases to Amazon DynamoDB.
D.Reserve a data center faclity with an upfron payment, which provides an addi
tional discount.
Answer:  B
QUESTION 814
According to the AWS shared responsibility model, which task is the responsibil
itof AWS for workloads running on Amazon EC2?
A. Updating the physical hardware
B. Updating the operating system
C. Updating the database engine
D. Updating the user data
Answer: A
Explanation: https://aws. amazon.com/compliance/sharedresponsibility model/
QUESTION 815
A user needs to identify underutilized Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS
)volumes to reduce costs.Which AWS service or feature will meet this requirem
ent?
A.AWS CloudTrail
B.AWS Budgets
C.AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
Answer: C
QUESTION 816
A company has existing software licenses that it wants to bring to AWS, but the
licensing model requires licensing physical cores How can the company meet t
his requirement inthe AWS Cloud?
A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance with default tenancy.
B. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance on a Dedicated Host.
C. Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation.
D. Purchase Dedicated Reserved Instances.
Answer: B
Explanation:Only dedicated host allows users to use their own licenses
QUESTION 817
AWS can relieve a company's IT staff of which of the following IT tasks? (Choos
etwo.)
A. Patching database software
B. Storage capacity planning
C. Creating database schemas
D. Setting up access controls for data
E. Writing application code
Answer: AB
Explanation:One of AWS advantages . users do not need to ques capacity or pl
anit
QUESTION 818
Which of the follwing are benefits of using the AWS Cloud? (Choose two.)
A.100% fault tolerance
B. Total control over underlying infrastructure
C. Fast provisioning of IT resources
D. Outsourcing all application coding to AWS
E. Ability to go global quickly
Answer: CE
QUESTION 819
A company uses Amazo S3 buckets.One of the company's departments enabl
edS3 Crossregion Replication for those buckets to meet new requirements.The company's
bill forthat month was larger than usual. Which AWS service or feature can the
company use to confirmthat the cost increase was caused by the data replicati
on?
A. Consolidated billing
B. Cost Explorer
C.AWS Pricing Calculator
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
Explanation: https://aws. amazon.com/aws-cost management/aws-costexplorer/
QUESTION 820
A company wants to build an apicatio for a new line of busiss.Acordingtothe A
WS WelArchitected Framework, what design piniples should be implemented?
(choose two.)
A. Consolidate multiple AWS accounts into a single account.
B. Buy and host hardware in the AWS Cloud.
C. Decouple the AWS Cloud achitcture to break up monolitic deployments.
D. Move on-premises; network hardware to VPCs.
E. Design elasticity into the, AWS Cloud design.
Answer: CE
QUESTION 821
Which AWS service or resource helps onpremises applications connect to AWSCloudbased storage and caches the data locally for low latency access?
A.AWS Direct Connect
B.AWS Storage Gateway
C. Amazon S3
D.AWS Snowball Edge
Answer: B
QUESTION 822
An online retail company has seasonal sales spikes several times a year, primar
ilyaround holidays. Demand is lower at other times.The company finds it difficu
lt to predict theincreasing infrastructure demand for each season. Which advan
tages of moving to the AWSCloud would MOST benefit the company? (Choose
two.)
A. Global footprint
B. Elasticity
C.AWS service quotas
D.AWS shared responsibility model
E. Pay-as-you-go pricing
Answer: BE
Explanation:
htts: //docs. aws. amazon. com/whitepapers/latest/aws -overview/sixadvantages-of-cloud-computing.html
QUESTION 823
Which AWS service supports a hybrid architecture that gives users the ability t
oextend AWSinfrastructure, AWS services, APIs, and tools to data centers, colocation environments, or on-premises facilities?
A. AWS Snowmobile
B. AWS Local Zones
C. AWS Outposts
D.AWS Fargate
Answer: C
Explanation: https://aws amazon.com/outposts/
QUESTION 824
A company wants to eliminate the need to guess infrastructure capacity befor
e deployments.
The company also wants to spend its budget on cloud resources only as the
company uses the resources. Which advantage of the AWS Cloud matches the
company's requirements?
A. Reliability
B. Global reach
C. Economies of scale
D. Pay-as-you-go pricing
Answer: D
Explanation:
http:s//dcs.aws.amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/aws-overview/six advantagesof-cloud-computing.html
QUESTION 825
retail company wants to provision nly the necessary amount of resources tohan
dle the current demand. Which cloud benefit is the company trying to achieve
with this goal?
A.Reliability
B.Global reach
C.Scalability
D.High availability
Answer:C
Explanation:
https://docs. aws. amazon.com/whitepapers/latest/awsoverview/six advantages-of-cloud-computing.html
QUESTION 826
A company wants to migrate a small website and database quickly from
on-premises infrastructure to the AWS Cloud.
The company has limited operational knowledge toperform the migration. Whi
ch AWS service supports this use case?
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon Lightsail
C. Amazon S3
D.AWS Lambda
Answer: C
Explanation:
https:ss amazon coprescipive guiease/ateotets/mig small sets o-dtatromon- premises-to-amazon-s3- using -aws-sftp.html
QUESTION 827
Which AWS service can be used to encrypt data at rest?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B.AWS Shield
C.AWS Security Hub
D.AWS Key Managemen Service (AWS KMS)
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws. amazon.com/blogs/security/how to protect- dataat rest- with- amazon-ec2-instance-store- encryption/
QUESTION 828
A company has performance and regulatory requirements that call for it to run
itsworkload only on its on- premises data center. Which AWS services or resou
rces should the company use? (Choose two.)
A. Amazon Pinpoint
B. Amazon WorkLink
C.AWS Outposts
D.AWS Snowball Edge
E.AWS AppSync
Answer: BC
Explanation: https://s.s amazon. com/worklink/ https:/ amazon.com/outposts/
QUESTION 829
Elasticity in the AWS Cloud refers to which of the fllowing? (Choose two.)
A. How quickly an Amazon EC2 instance can be restarted
B.The ability to rightsize resources as demand shifts
C.The maximum amount of RAM an Amazon EC2 instance can use
D.The pay as you -go billing model
E.How easily resources can be produced when they are needed
Answer: BE
Explanation:
ttps://blog turbonomic.com/blog/on technology/cloud. elaticitvs-oud-calability
QUESTION 830
A company wants to migrate to AWS and use the same security software it use
son premises.The security software vendor offers its security software as a servi
ce on AWS. Wherecan the company purchase the security solution?
A.AWS Partner Solutions Finder
B.AWS Support Center
C.AWS Management Console
D.AWS Marketplace
Answer: D
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace
QUESTION 831
A company needs to improve the response rate of highvolume queries to itsrelational database. Which AWS service should the compa
ny use to fflod requests to thedatabase and improve overall response times?
A. Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX)
B. Amazon ElastiCache
C. Elastic Load Balancing
D.AWS Global Accelerator
Answer: B
QUESTION 832
Which AWS services or features enable users to connect on-ppremises networks to a VPC? (Choose two.)
A.AWS VPN
B. Elastic Load Balancing
C.AWS Direct Connect
D.VPC peering
E. Amazon CloudFront
Answer: AD
Explanation: https://wsaazan. com/vpn/faqs/
QUESTION 833
Which pillar of the AWS well Architected Framework
provisioned in a timely manner and scale as needed to maintain effetiveness as
demandchanges?
A.Cost optimization
B.Security
C.Operational excellence
D.Performance efficiency
Answer:D
Explanation:
https://docs. aws. amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/framework/wellarchitecte
d-framework.pdf(24)
QUESTION 834
An IT department provisions more servers than are needed to run a workload.
Which cloud architecture design principle supports changing this approach?
A.Protect data in transit and at rest.
B.Stop guessing capacity.
C.Improve through game days.
D.Annotate documentation.
Answer:B
QUESTION 835
A solutions architect needs to create a cost estimate for running workloads on
AWS.The cost estimate must then be exported for management review. Which
AWS service orfeature should be used to accomplish these task?
A. Cost Explorer
B. Amazon QuickSight
C.AWS Pricing Calculator
D.AWS Budgets
Answer: C
Explanation: https://docs aws. amazon.com/pricing calculator/latest/userguide/
aws-pc.pdf
QUESTION 836
Which AWS service should a company use to decouple large monolithic
applications into smaller microservices components?
A.AWS Direct Connect
B. Amazon Lightsail
C. Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon sQs)
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: C
QUESTION 837
A company has defined the AWS resources thatitneedss for a new application.
company needs to estimate the costs of running the application on AWS. What
should thecompany do to meet this requirement?
A. Take advantage of AWS on-demand pricing.
B.Use the AWS Pricing Calculator to generate an approximate dollar amount
C. Use Amazon Quick Sight to analyze current on-premises spending.
D. Use Amazon AppStream 2.0 for real-time pricing analytics.
Answer: B
Explanation:
http://aws. amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge centerestimating-awsresource-costs/
QUESTION 838
Which AWS service or feature for technical asistace is avilable to a user whohas
the AWS Basic Support plan?
A.AWS senior support engineers
B.AWS technical account manager (TAM)
C.AWS Trusted Advisor
D.AWS Discussion Forums
Answer: D
QUESTION 839
When an Amazon EC2 instance is terminated, AWS service can identify the
user that made the API call?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. AWS X-Ray
D. AWS identity and Access Management (IAM)
Answer: B
Explanation:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awscloudtrail/latest/userguide/cloudtrailuser guide.htm
QUESTION 840
Which controls does the customer fully inherit from AWS in the AWS sharedres
ponsibility model?
A. Patch management controls
B. Awareness and training controls
C. Physical and environmental controls
D. Configuration management controls
Answer: C
Explanation:
https://docs.aws. amazon.com/wellarchitected,/latest/securit-lilr/saredrespnsithtl
QUESTION 841
Which feature can be used to protect Amazon s3 buckets from cicntaloverwrite
s or deletes?
A.Lifecycle policy
B.object versioning
C.Server-side encryption
D.Bucket ACL
Answer:B
QUESTION 842
Which of the following are AWS security best practices for using AWS ldentity
andAccess Management (IAM) to manage an AWS account root user? (Choose
two.)
A.Set up multi-factor authentication (MFA) for the root user.
B.Remove all IM policies from the root user,
C.Delete the root user access keys.
D.Use the root user for daily tasks.
E.Assign a read only access policy to the root user.
Answer:AE
Explanation: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lAM/latest/UserGuide/best practice
s.html
QUESTION 843
A database administrator is trying to determine who deleted a critical Amazon
Redshift cluster. Which AWS service helps with monitoring and retaining this ty
pe of accountactivity?
A.AWS CloudTrail
B.AWS Organizations
C.AWS ldentity and Access Management (IAM)
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: A
QUESTION 844
Which pillar of the AWS WellArchitected Framework includes the AWS sharedresponsibility model?
A.Operational excellence
B.Performance efficiency
C.Reliability
D.Security
Answer:D
Explanation:
https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/apn/the -5- pillar-o-the-aws-wellarchitected framework/
QUESTION 845
A company runs its business ritial web application on Amazon Elastic Container
Service (Amazon ECS) and Amazon DynamoDB.The workload spikes up to 10 ti
mes the normalworkload multiple times during the day. Which AWS Cloud feat
ure enables the company to meetthese changes in demand?
A.Agility
B.Global reach
C.Scalability
D.Security
Answer:C
Explanation: https://aws .amazon.com/autoscaling/
QUESTION 846
A company's raffif logs show that IP dresses owned by AWS are being used ina
n attempt to flood ports on system resources. To whom should the cloud pacti
oner rprtthisissue?
A.AWS Professional Services
B.AWS Abuse team
C.AWS Partner Network (APN)
D.AWS technical account manager (TAM)
Answer: B
Explanation: tts://aws amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge center/report
aws abuse/
QUESTION 847
An Amazon EC2 instance previously used for development is incesible and nol
onger appears in the AWS Management Console. Which AWS service should b
e used to determine what action made this EC2 instance inaccessible?
A. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
B.AWS Security Hub
C. Amazon Inspector
D.AWS CloudTrail
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://docs .aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/troubleshooting laun
ch.html
QUESTION 848
Which AWS service is a highly available and scalable DNS web service?
A.Amazon VPC
B.Amazon CloudFront
C.Amazon Route 53
D.Amazon Connect
Answer:C
QUESTION 849
A company is moving its office and must establish an encrypted connection to
AWS. Which AWS service will help meet this requirement?
A.AWS VPN
B. Amazon Route 53
C. Amazon API Gateway
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: A
QUESTION 850
Which statement explains the benefit of agility in the AWS Cloud?
A.Agility gives users the ability to host applications in multiple AWS Regions ar
ound the world.
B. Agility gives users the ability to pay upfront to reduce cost.
C.Agility provides customizable physical hardware at the lowest possible cost.
D.Agility provides the means for users to provision resources in minutes.
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://blog.clairvoyantsoft.com/true-economics- of-cloud computing partwhatit-eallymeans-to-be- agile- 1ed14a1696a5
QUESTION 851
Which of the following are user authentication services managed by AWS?
(Choose two.)
A. Amazon Cognito
B.AWS Lambda
C.AWS License Manager
D.AWS ldentity and Access Management (IAM)
E.AWS CodeStar
Answer: AD
QUESTION 852
Which AWS service or tool helps identify underutilized Amazon EC2 instances
and idle Amazon RDS DB instances at no additional charge?
A. Cost Explorer
B.AWS Budgets
C.AWS Organizations
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: D
Explanation:
https://aws. amazon.com/premiumsupport/technology/trusted-advisor/bestpractice -checklist/
QUESTION 853
Which of the following are customer responsilitis under the AWS sharedrespo
nsibility model? (Choose two.)
A. Physical security of AWS facilities
B. Configuration of security groups
C. Encryption of customer data on AWS
D. Management of AWS Lambda infrastructure
E. Management of network throughput of each AWS Region
Answer: DE
QUESTION 854
A user should contact the AWS Abuse team to report which situations? (Choos
etwo.)
A.A DDoS attack is being made on an AWS resource.
B.A SQl injection attack is being made from an IP address that is not an AWS a
ddress.
C.AWS resources are being used to host objectionable or ill content.
D.A company's resources are being used ina way that is inconsistent with corp
orate policy,
E.A company is receiving HTTPS requests on a web server that is serving HTTP.
Answer: AC
Explanation: ttps:/waz.co/premiusupport/owledge cener/eport-aws abuse/
QUESTION 855
What should a user do to deploy an aplpcpationo in gegrapically separateloca
tions?
A. Deploy the application in different placement groups.
B. Deploy the application to a VPC.
C. Deploy the application to multiple AWS Regions.
D. Deploy the application by using Amazon CloudFront.
Answer: C
Explanation: https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/globalinfrastructure/regions az/
QUESTION 856
A company wants to rightsize its infrastructure to control costs. At which points
should the company rightsize? (Choose two.)
A.Rightsize before a migration occurs to the cloud
B.Rightsize continuously after the cloud onboarding process.
C.Rightsize when AWS Support calls and explains that rightsizing is needed.
D.Rightsize when seasonal workloads are at their peak.
E.Rightsize after purchasing all Reserved Instances
Answer:AB
QUESTION 857
Which tasks should a user perform if the user suspects that an AWS account ha
sbeen compromised? (Choose two.)
A.Remove any multi-factor authentication (MFA) tokens.
B.Rotate and delete all AWS access keys.
C.Move resources to a different AWS Region.
D.Delete AWS CloudTrail resources.
E.Contact AWS Support.
Answer:BE
QUESTION 858
A company needs a content delivery network that provides secure delivery ofd
ata, videos, ppications, and APIs to users globally with low latency and high tra
nsfer speed. Which AWS service meets these requirements?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. Elastic Load Balancing
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon Elastic Transcoder
Answer: A
QUESTION 859
Which AWS Cloud benefit is shown by an architecture's ability to withstand
failures with minimal downtime?
A.Agility
B.Elasticity
C.Scalability
D.High availability
Answer:D
QUESTION 860
A company is moving its development and test environments to AWS to
increase agility and reduce cost. Because these are not production workloads
and the servers are not fully utilized, occasional unavailability is acceptable.
What is the MOST cost-effective Amazon EC2pricing model that will meet
these requirements?
A.Reserved Instances
B.On-Demand Instances
C.Spot Instances
D.Dedicated Instances
Answer:C
QUESTION 861
Which guidelines are key AWS architectural design principles? (Choose two.)
A. Design for fixed resources.
B. Build scalable architectures.
C. Use tightly coupled components.
D. Use managed services when possible.
E Design for human interaction
Answer: BD
QUESTION 862
What is the LEAST expensive AWS Sppor plan that prvides 24-
hour acsstAWS customer service and AWS communities?
A.AWS Enterprise Support
B.AWS Business Support
C.AWS Developer Support
D.AWS Basic Support
Answer: D
Explanation: https://aws .amazon.com/premiumsupport/plans/
QUESTION 863
A company with AWS Enterprise Support has questions about its consolidated
bill.Which AWS service, feature, or tool should the company use for assascse?
A.AWS Pricing Calculator
B.AWS Concierge Support
C.AWS Trusted Advisor
D.AWS Budgets
Answer: B
QUESTION 864
A company has infrastructre in one AWS Region and is expanding operations
to a second AWSRegion. The company is using the same AWS CloudFormation
template in the second Region thatthe company uses in the original Region. T
he company attempts to launch Amazon EC2 onDemand Instances in the second Region and receives error messages.What co
uld cause theseerror messages?
A.A new EC2 key pair has not been created for the EC2 instances.
B.The requested EC2 instance types are not available in the second Region.
C.The company cannot operate in a second Region until it updates its AWS co
ntract.
D.The company has not configured AWS Budgets to monitor the budget for th
e EC2 instances.
Answer: A
Explanation:The key pair <key pair associated with your EC2 instance> does no
t exist.LaunchingEC2 instance
failed.https://docs aws .amazon.com/autoscaling/ec2/userguide/tsas instancelaunchfailure.html
QUESTION 865
Which of the following is a software development framework that a company c
an use to definecloud resources as code and provision the resources through
AWS CloudFormation?
A.AWS CLI
B.AWS Developer Center
C.AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK)
D.AWS CodeStar
Answer: C
QUESTION 866
Which options are avilale to a user who wants tocontact AWS uppor? (hose t
wo.)
A.Create an email case in the AWS Support Center.
B.Visit a local AWS Support Center.
C.Use live chat functionality.
D.Call the customer service phone number,
E.Use the video conference functionality of the AWS Support console.
Answer:CD
Explanatio:lf you select Chat, you can chat online with a representative from A
WS Support.f youselect Phone, you're prompted for a callback number.You rec
eive a call from AWS Support as soonas you create the
case.https://aws amazon com/premiumsupport/knowledge- center/awsphone support/
QUESTION 867
A global company is building a simple time tracking mobile app. The app need
s to operateglobally and must store colected data in a database. Data must be
acsesbsle from the AWSRegion that is closest to the user.What should the com
pany do to meet these data storagerequirements with the LEAST amount of op
erational overhead?
A.Use Amazon EC2 in multiple Regions to host separate databases.
B.Use Amazon RDS cross- Region replication.
C.Use Amazon DynamoDB global tables.
D.Use AWS Database Migration Service (AWs DMS).
Answer:C
Explanation:Hundreds of thousands of AWS customers have chosen DynamoD
B as their key-
valueand document databaseformobile, web, gaming, ad tech, loT, and other p
plications that needlowlatency data acess at any scale. Create a new table for your aplication and let D
ynamoDBhandle the rest.Referencets//aws.amazon.com/dynamo
QUESTION 868
A company plans to store sensitive data in an Amazon S3 bucket.Which task is
the responsibilityof AWS?
A.Activate encryption at rest for the data.
B.Provide security for the physical infrastructure.
C.Train the company's employees about cloud security.
D.Remove personally identifiable information (PI) from the data.
Answer:A
Explanation:Amazon S3 can often house sensitive and confidential information.
To help secureyour data within Amazon S3, you should be using AWS Key Man
agement Service (AWS KMS) withserverside encryption at rest for AmazonS3.It isalso important that you secure the S3
bucketsso that you only allow access to the developers and users who require t
hat
access.https://aws.amazon.comblogs/securitystrengttn-amazon-s3-by-usingadditional-aw-
QUESTION 869
A company needs a firewall that will control network connections to and from
a single AmazonEC2 instance. This firewall will not control network connections
to and from other instances that are in the same subnet. Which AWS service or
feature can the company use to meet these requirements?
A.Network ACL
B.AWS WAF
C.Route table
D.Security group
Answer:D
QUESTION 870
Which of the following are AWS Trusted Advisor support categories? (Choose
two.)
A.Operational excellence
B.Cost optimization
C.Security
D.Well-Architected Framework
E.Rightsizing
Answer:BC
QUESTION 871
Which of the following is entirely the responsibility of AWS, according to the
AWS shared responsibility model?
A.Patching of the guest operating system
B.Security awareness and training
C.Physical and environmental controls
D.Development of an IAM password policy
Answer:C
QUESTION 872
A company wants to store data with high availability, encrypt the data at rest,
and have direct access to the data over the internet.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
B.AmazonS3
C. Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)
D.AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: B
QUESTION 873
How do AWS users trade infrastructure expenses for operational expenses?
A.Secure their physical infrastructure to prevent malicious attacks.
B.Use AWS Budgets to ensure that spending on AWS resources does not excee
d preset thresholds.
C.Eliminate the electricity costs that are associated with the hosting of physical
servers.
D.Use AWS Auto Scalling to dynamically increase and decrease compute resou
rces as needed.
Answer: D
Explanation:The service provides a simple, powerful user interface that lets you
build scalingplans for resources including Amazon EC2 instances and Spot Flee
ts, Amazon ECS tasks, AmazonDynamoDB tables and indexes, and Amazon Au
rora Replicas.Reference:
https://aws.amazon.com/autoscaling/
QUESTION 874
A network engineer needs to establish a dedicated 10 Gbps network connectio
n from An onpremises environment to AWS.Which AWS service or feature should the engin
eer use?
A. Amazon Route 53
B.AWS Direct Connect
C.AWS PrivateLink
D.AWS VPN
Answer: B
QUESTION 875
Which AWS service or feature provides an online, managed software catalog th
at helps userspurchase and deploy third -party software?
A.AWS Support
B.AWS Marketplace
C. Amazon EC2 private Amazon Machine Images (AMIs)
D.AWS reseller programs
Answer: B
Explanation:AWS Marketplace is a curated digital catalog that makes it easy for
customers to find,buy, deploy, and manage the third-party software.
Reference:https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/campaigns/softwareprocurement
QUESTION 876
A company has a Java web application. The company wants to use auto deplo
yment to create theAWS environment and deploy new versions of its applicatio
n.Which AWS service will meet theserequirements?
A.AWS Auto Scaling
B.AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C.AWS Control Tower
D. Amazon EC2
Answer: B
Explanation:
You can simply upload your code and ElasticiBeanstalk automatically handles t
hedeployment.Reference:https:/ws. amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/
QUESTION 877
Which action will provide documentation to help a company evaluate whether
its use ofthe AWSCloud is compliant with local regulatory standards?
A.Running Amazon GuardDuty
B.Using AWS Artifact
C.Creating an AWS Support ticket
D.Evaluating AWS CloudTrail logs
Answer:B
QUESTION 878
A company is launching a new application in the AWS Cloud. The application w
ill run on anAmazon EC2 instance. More EC2 instances will be needed when th
e workload increases.WhichAWS service or tool can the company use to launch
the number of EC2 instances that will beneeded to handle the workload?
A. Elastic Load Balancing
B. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
C.AWS App2Container (A2C)
D.AWS Systems Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 879
Which of the following is an example of a NoSQL database?
A.Amazon DynamoDB
B.Amazon Aurora
C.Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
D.Amazon Redshift
Answer:A
QUESTION 880
Where can Aws customers subscribe to third-party products?
A.AWS Knowledge Center
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.AWS Marketplace
D.AWS Blogs
Answer: C
QUESTION 881
Using AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM),what can be attached to an
Amazon EC2 instance to make service requests?
A.Group
B.Role
C.Policy
D.Access key
Answer:C
QUESTION 882
Which AWS service distributes incoming traffic to web servers?
A.AWS Auto Scaling
B. Amazon Pinpoint
C. Elastic Load Balancing
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: C
QUESTION 883
A company must process a large amount of data from social media accounts
by making graphical queries with high throughputune. Which AWS service will
help the company design a cloud architecture that will meet these
requirements ?
A.Amazon RDS
B.Amazon Dynamodb
C.Amazon Neptune
D.Amazon Redshift
Answer:B
QUESTION 884
Launching new instances in Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon
EC2)takes
A. minutes
B. hours
C. days
D. weeks
Answer: A
QUESTION 885
Which AWS service or feature can be used to monitor CPU usage?
A.AWS Cloudtrail
B.VPC Flow Logs
C. Amazon Cloudwatch
D.AWS Config
Answer: C
QUESTION 886
Which AWS service seamlessly allows on-premises applications to use AWS
Cloud storage?
A.AWS DataSync
B.AWS Transfer for SFTP
C. Amazon Connect
D.AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: D
QUESTION 887
A company has an application server running on Amazon EC2 that needs to
access contents within a private Amazon S3 bucket. What is the recommended
approach to meet this requirement?
A. Create an IAM role with the appropriate permissions and associate the role
with the EC2 instance.
B. Configure an Amazon s3 bucket policy to allow access from the EC2
instance using anEc2instance ID.
C. Create a shared access key and configure the EC2 instance to use the hardcoded key.
D. Have the application read an access key from a secured source.
Answer: A
QUESTION 888
A workload requires long- term capacity. The Amazon EC2 instance
requirements may change over time, and the workload does not support
interruptions. Which instance type will be MOST cost- effective while meeting
the workload requirements?
A. Standard Reserved Instances
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Convertible Reserved Instances
D. Spot Instances
Answer: C
QUESTION 889
A billing department needs to track charges across multiple AWS accounts to
pay the combined AWS charges incurred by all accounts. What is the MOST
efficient billing strategy for this use case?
A. Use Cost Explorer to group billing data.
B. Use consolidated billing for AWS Organizations.
C. Enable AWS Trusted Advisor to consolidate billing.
D. Download aggregate billing from AWS Concierge Support.
Answer: B
QUESTION 890
A company is launching an e commerce site that will store and process credit
card data. The company requires information about AWS compliance reports
and AWS Agreements Which AWS service provides on demand access to these
items?
A.AWS Certificate Manager
B.AWS Config
C.AWS Artifact
D.AWS CloudTrail
Answer: C
QUESTION 891
Which Aws service allows a user to quickly provision multiple copies of cloud
infrastructure using an infrastructure as code method?
A.AWS CloudFormation
B.AWS CodeDeploy
C.AWS System Manager
D.AWS Auto Scaling
Answer: A
QUESTION 892
If a company wants to build an interactive chat bot to make a call center more
efficient, which AWS service should be used?
A.Amazon Connect
B.AmazonLex
C.Amazon Translate
D.Amazon Polly
Answer:B
QUESTION 893
Which AWS benefit refers to a customer's ability to deploy applications that
scale up and down to meet variable demand?
A. Elasticity
B. Agility
C. Security
D. Scalability
Answer: D
QUESTION 894
What is a benefit of using Amazon RDS instead of self-managed databases?
A.It provides key-value storage with single -digit millisecond performance.
B.It provides complete access to the underlying RDS instance.
C.It provides high availability through multi-AZ deployments
D.It offers unlimited object storage.
Answer:C
QUESTION 895
A company needs 2417 phone, email, and chat access, with a response time of
less than 1 hour if a production system has a service interruption. Which AWS
Support plan meets these requirements at the LOWEST cost?
A.Basic
B.Developer
C.Business
D.Enterprise
Answer:C
QUESTION 896
Which of the following are AWS IAM best practices? (Select TWO.)
A. Enable Aws Multi-Factor Authentication (AWS MFA) for users
B. Enable access key sharing among users.
C. Use inline policies instead of user-managed policies.
D. Configure strong password policies for users.
E. Avoid rotating credentials.
Answer: A, D
QUESTION 897
To help protect the AWS account root user, a cloud practitioner should:
A. attach a least privilege user policy to the account root user.
B. add the account root user to a least privilege group
C. set an account password policy to enforce password complexity
D. enable multi-factor authentication on the account root user.
Answer: D
QUESTION 898
Which AWS service is used to temporarily provide federated security
credentials to access AWS resources?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B.AWS Simple Token Service (AWS STS)
C.AWS Secrets Manager
D.AWS Certificate Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 899
Which AWS service or tool can be used to capture information about inbound
and outbound traffic in an Amazon VPC?
A.VPC Flow Logs
B. Amazon Inspector
C.VPC endpoint services
D.NAT gateway
Answer: A
QUESTION 900
Which AWS service helps users audit API activity across their AWS account?
A.AWS CloudTrail
B. Amazon Inspector
C.AWS WAF
D.AWS Config
Answer: A
QUESTION 901
Which AWS service delivers data, videos, applications, and APls to users
globally with low latency and high transfer speeds?
A.Amazon EC2
B.Amazon CloudFront
C.Amazon Connect
D.Amazon Route 53
Answer:B
QUESTION 902
Which AWS service is used to track, record, and audit configuration changes
made to AWS resources?
A.AWS Shield
B.AWS Config
C.AWS IAM
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: B
QUESTION 903
Which AWS tools or services can be used to list all AWS Lambda functions
running in an account? (Select Two)
A.AWS CLI
B.AWS CloudFormation
C.AWS SDKs
D.AWS CloudTrail
E. Amazon Cloud Directory
Answer: A, C
QUESTION 904
How can you obtain a list of the latest AWS Security bulletins?
A.Open a support request
B.Check the AWS Training and Certification website
C.Check the AWS Cloud Security website
D.Go to the AWS Artifact portal.
Answer:C
QUESTION 905
Which service can be used to trace user activity in an AWS account?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B.AWS Config
C.AWS CloudTrail
D.AWS IAM
Answer: C
QUESTION 906
A company has an application that requires five Amazon EC2 instances and
must be able to dynamically maintain the desired number of instances in the
event of a failure. Which AWS service meets these requirements?
A.AWS Auto Scaling
B. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)snapshots
D. Elastic Load Balancer
Answer: B
QUESTION 907
Which AWS service can be used to help a user identify which IP addresses are
attempting to establish Secure Shell (SSH)or Remote Desktop
Protocol(RDP)session to access Amazon EC2 instances?
A.AWS Config
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C.AWS CloudTraill
D.VPC Flow Logs
Answer: D
QUESTION 908
Which AWS service is used to create and maintain DNS records for websites?
A. Amazon Route 53
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS)
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D.AmazonS3
Answer: A
QUESTION 909
Which of the following are considered advantages of the concept of "elasticity"
in cloud computing? (Select Two.)
A. The ability to launch and terminate resources as needed
B. Improved security
C. Integration with on-premises applications
D. Compliance with government policies
E. Pay- as-you-go pricing
Answer: A, E
QUESTION 910
A company is getting ready for a large event and needs Amazon EC2 instances
that will run uninterrupted for 24 hours After the event, the Amazon EC2
instances will no longer be used Which pricing model works best in this
scenario?
A.Spot instances
B.Reserved Instances
C.Dedicated Hosts
D.On-Demand instances
Answer:D
QUESTION 911
What is one of the benefits of consolidated billing?
A. Billing individual departments automatic ally for their usage
B. Combining the bills of multiple accounts into a single bill for payment
C. Avoiding service limits set by AWS on a per account basis
D. Imposing customer defined spending limits on multiple accounts
Answer: B
QUESTION 912
Which of the following is a responsibility of the customer when storing data in
Amazon Simple Storage Service(AmazonS3)?
A.Object access security
B.Operating system security
C.DDoS protection
D.Data integrity protection
Answer:A
QUESTION 913
A company has a server that needs to be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week with no downtime for at least one year. Which of the following
purchasing options will be most cost-effective?
A.Purchasing a Reserved Instance
B.Using an Amazon EC2 Spot instance
C.Using an On-Demand instance
D.Purchasing a Dedicated Host
Answer:A
QUESTION 914
Which AWS offering provides private network access between AWS and
customer-owned data centers?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C.AWS Direct Connect
D.AWS Shield
Answer: C
QUESTION 915
Which service protects AWS customers from Distributed Denial of
Service ( DDoS)attacks?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS CloudTrail
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. AWS Shield
Answer: D
QUESTION 916
A company is investigating moving an on-premises web application to AWS
and has a legal requirement that this application will be accessible in the event
of a power failure. Which action will satisfy this requirement?
A. Designing a solution to take advantage of multiple Availability Zones
B. Designing a solution to store web application data in Amazon Glacier in the
event of an application failure
C. Designing a solution to use Amazon Cloud Watch for event failures
D. Using different security groups and NACL's to mitigate outages
Answer: A
QUESTION 917
Where can a user find pre-configured, third party security products that run on
AWS?
A. AWS IAM
B. Amazon Inspector
C.AWS Marketplace
D.AWS Config
Answer: C
QUESTION 918
What is the correct relationship among Availability Zones, data centers, and
regions?
A. Regions are composed of Availability Zones. Availability Zones are
composed of data centers.
B. Availability Zones are composed of regions. Regions are composed of data
centers
C. Data centers are composed of regions. Regions are composed of Availability
Zones.
D. Availability Zones are composed of data center
Answer: A
QUESTION 919
What is the recommended AWSIAM feature that should be enabled for an
account's root user?
A.Access keys
B.Multi-factor authentication(MFA)
C.Federated access management
D.Amazon S3 bucket policies
Answer:B
QUESTION 920
The CTO of a company has an idea for a new market offering The company
would have to make large capital and time investments in computing
resources in its current data center to support this effort. How can moving to
AWS solve this challenge?
A.AWS offers pay-as you-go pricing, so customers only pay for what they use
and can terminate resources when they are no longer needed
B.AWS requires an initial lump sum cash investment for on-demand computing
resources, but those resources are immediately available after payment,
C. AWS allows customers to provision EC2 instances on-demand in
commitment of one month at a time, paying monthly for resources used.
D.AWS provides the option to purchase Reserved
Answer: A
QUESTION 921
During an audit, a company is asked to demonstrate how AWS achieves keyco
mpliance controls and objectives.How can this request be met?
A.Download a Service Organization Control (SOC) report from AWS Artifact
B.Raise a support case with Premium Support requesting AWS compliance con
trols.
C. Contact a Solutions Architect who specializes in AWS security
D. Download a Service Organization Control
Answer: A
QUESTION 922
What is the customer responsible for when configuring a security group?
(SelectTWO.)
A.Defining the rules to meet the customer's requirements
B.Naming the security group and providing a description
C.Running AWS Trusted Advisor to validate the rules
D.Evaluating the rules created by AWS Security
E.Allocating the public IP to the security group
Answer:A,B
QUESTION 923
Which flly managed AWS sevice allos a user to bring their own mahinelearning
algorithm?
A.Amazon Forecast
B.AWS Artifact
C.AWS Data Pipeline
D.Amazon SageMaker
Answer:D
QUESTION 924
Which AWS service allows a user to audit and evaluate changes made to AWS
service resources?
A.AWS CloudTrail
B.AWS Config
C.Amazon Inspector
D.Amazon Macie
Answer:B
QUESTION 925
Which of the following is an AWS key value database offering consistent single
digit millisecond performance at any scale?
A.Amazon RDS
B.Amazon Aurora
C.Amazon DynamoDB
D.Amazon Redshift
Answer:C
QUESTION 926
What can a user accomplish using AWS CloudTrail?
A.Generate an IAM user credentials report
B.Record API calls made to AWS services.
C.Assess the compliance of AWS resource configurations with policies and
guidelines
D.Ensure that Amazon EC2 instances are patched with the latest security
updates
Answer:B
QUESTION 927
How can an AWS user directly log in to an Amazon Linux EC2 instance?
A. Use an access key ID and secret access key
B. Use EC2 key pairs
C. Use AWS Secrets Manager
D. Use AWS Resource Access Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 928
Which task requires AWS account root user access and cannot be done by an
IAM user or IAM user policy?
A.Viewing an account's billing information
B.Opening a billing support case
C.Creating and revoke access keys and secret access keys
D.Changing an AWS Support plan
Answer:D
QUESTION 929
Which Amazon S3 storage class allows users to store data backups for long
periods of time at the LOWEST cost?
A.S3 Standard-lnfrequent Access (S3 Standard-lA)
B.S3 Standard
C.S3 Glacier
D.S3 One Zone-Infrequen Access(S3 One Zone-IA)
Answer: C
QUESTION 930
Which AWS service offers expanded distributed denial of service (DDoS)attack
protection for AWS resources?
A.AWS Firewall Manager
B.AWS Config
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D.AWS Shield Advanced
Answer: D
QUESTION 931
Which of the following contribute to total cost of ownership of a workload
running on the AWS Cloud? (Select Two.)
A.Hardware maintenance.
B.Power and cooling
C.Storage costs
D.Space for data center
E.Network costs
Answer:C,E
QUESTION 932
When customers suspect that their AWS accounts have been compromised,
who should the customers contact?
A.AWS Abuse team
B.AWS Inspector team
C.AWS IAM team
D.AWS Legal team
Answer: A
QUESTION 933
What design principle does the Amazon RDS Multiple Availability Zone
deployment provide?
A.Caching
B.Loose coupling
C.Scalability.
D.Design for failure
Answer:D
QUESTION 934
Which AWS service can be used to find an available domain and register it?
A. Amazon Route 53
B.AWS Directory Service
C.AWS Certificate Manager
D.AWS Systems Manager
Answer: A
QUESTION 935
To reduce costs, a company is planning to migrate a NoSQL database to
AWS .Which AWS service is fully managed and can automatically scale
throughput capacity to meet database workload demands?
A.Amazon Redshift
B.Amazon Aurora
C.Amazon DynamoDB
D.Amazon RDS
Answer:C
QUESTION 936
A company needs to add multiple users to an AWS account using AWS lAM
The users will be split into different teams, with each team having custom
privileges What is the MOST efficient way of managing and assigning privileges
to each user?
A. Create one IAM user for each team and share the details with each team
member.
B. Individually configure the necessary privileges for each IAM user.
C. Give every IAM user administrator-level access.
D. Set up an IAM group for each team, then add each user to their specific
group.
Answer: D
QUESTION 937
Which security related task is the responsibility of the customer in the AWS
Cloud?
A. Securing infrastructure at data centers
B. Maintaining firewall configurations at a hardware level
C. Maintaining networking among hardware components
D. Maintaining server-side encryption
Answer: D
QUESTION 938
A company's application was recently targeted by a distributed denial of
service(DDS)attack Which AWS services will help the company mitigate the risk
of further attacks?(Select TWO)
A. Amazon Connect
B. AWS Shield
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. Amazon CloudFront
E.AWS Secrets Manager
Answer: B,D
QUESTION 939
Which of the following services allows standby database instances to
automatically replace unresponsive primary database instances without
management overhead?
A. Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS)
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon Elasticsearch Service
Answer: A
QUESTION 940
A user needs to identify all costs associated with a specific business unit that
operates independently within a company. How can this be accomplished?
A. Ensure that the business unit adheres to the company's tagging strategy
B. Isolate the business units work into a previously unused AWS Region
C. Use AWS Budgets to set threshold alerts to ensure spending compliance
D. Use AWS Organizations to create a separate account for the business unit
Answer: D
QUESTION 941
A user has underutilized on-promises resources Which AWS Cloud concept
can BEST address this issue?
A. High availability
B. Elasticity
C. Security
D. Loose coupling
Answer: B
QUESTION 942
What is the customer responsible for once a workload is migrated to Amazon
EC2?
A. Power and cooling
B. Hardware maintenance
C. Data center space
D. Operating system patching
Answer: D
QUESTION 943
Which of the following are design principles within the AWS well Architected
Framework? (Select TWO.)
A.Reduced agility
B.Operational excellence
C.Ability to guess capacity requirements
D.Performance efficiency
E.Increased capita expenses
Answer: B,D
QUESTION 944
An application that relies on server bound licensing is being moved to the
AWS Cloud. This application is subject to regulatory requirements that
mandate it be kept on a specific physical server. Which Amazon Elastic
Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2)pricing model is designed to meet these
requirements?
A. Reserved Instances
B. Dedicated Hosts
C. Spot Instances
D. On-Demand Instances
Answer: B
QUESTION 945
A company wants to run stateless fault tolerant, and flexile continuous
integration/continuous development(C/CD)workloads on Amazon EC2
instances. Which instance type would be the MOST cost- effective for this use
case?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: C
QUESTION 946
A fleet of Amazon EC2 Linux instances needs common storage to share files.
Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this?
A.AWS Snowball
B. Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS)
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
D.AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: B
QUESTION 947
Which AWS service allows for the FASTEST and MOST secure way to upload
100terabytes of data?
A.AWS Import/Export
B. Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3)
C.AWS Snowball
D. AmazonGlacier
Answer: C
QUESTION 948
The company finds it difficult to predict the increasing infrastructure demand
for each season. Which advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud would MOST
benefit company? (Select TWO.)
A. Global footprint
B. Elasticity
C.AWS service quotas
D.AWS shared responsibility model
E. Pay-as-you-go pricing
Answer: B,E
QUESTION 949
A company needs to use third-party software for its workload on AWS Which
AWS service or feature can the company use to purchase the software?
A.AWS Resource Access Manager
B.AWS Managed Services
C.AWS License Manager
D.AWS Marketplace
Answer: D
QUESTION 950
A company application has three tiers: web, business, and data. the web and
business tiers are hosted on AWS, and the database tier is located on premises
Which type of deployment mode is the company running?
A. Cloud deployment
B. Hybrid deployment
C. On-premises deployment
D. Multicloud deployment
Answer: B
QUESTION 951
Which AWS services or features can be used to connect on premises networks
outside of AWS with a VPC? (Select TWO.)
A.AWS Direct Connect
B.NAT gateway
C.AWS VPN
D. Gateway endpoint
E.AWS PrivateLink
Answer: A,C
QUESTION 952
Which deployment model has data that resides on premises and in the AWS
Cloud?
A.Cloud
B. On-premises
C. Infrastructure as code
D. Hybrid
Answer: D
QUESTION 953
A company is required to store its data close to its primary users. Which
benefit of the AWS Cloud supports this requirement?
A. Security
B. High availability
C. Elasticity
D. Global fooprint
Answer: D
QUESTION 954
Which AWS service or feature gives users the ability to capture
information about network traffic in a VPC?
A.VPC Flow Logs
B. Amazon Inspector
C.VPC route tables
D.AWS CloudTrail
Answer: A
QUESTION 955
A company has three AWS accounts that are configured within an organization
in AWS Organizations. The company's finance team receives one consolidated
bill at the end of each month, and the finance team charges the costs back to
three separate departments. For the next year, one of the three departments
has decided to use Amazon EC2 Reserved Instances (RIs).The finance team
must ensure that the RI discounts are applied only to the department that is
using the RIs. The discounts must not be applied to the other two
departments. What is the MOST cost-effective way for the finance team to
meet these requirements?
A. Purchase the RIs under the payer account. Turn off RI sharing
B. Remove from the organization the account of the department that is using
the Rls. lmplementa separate billing procedure
C. Purchase the RIs under an account that is linked to the department that is
using the Rls. Turn off RI sharing
D. Remove from consolidated billing the account of the department that is
using the Ris. Implementa separate billing procedure
Answer: C
QUESTION 956
A company has an application that produces unstructured data continuously.
The company needs to store the data so that the data is durable and easy to
query Which AWS service can the company use to meet these requirements?
A.Amazon RDS
B.Amazon Aurora
C.Amazon QuickSight
D.Amazon DynamoDB
Answer:D
QUESTION 957
A company has all of its servers in the us- east-1 Region. The company is
Considering the deployment of additional servers in a different Region.
Which AWS tool should the company use to find pricing information for other
Regions?
A. Cost Explorer
B.AWS Budgets
C.AWS Purchase Order Management
D.AWS Pricing Calculator
Answer: D
QUESTION 958
A company is looking for a managed machine learning (ML) service that can
recommend products based on a customer's previous behaviors. Which AWS
service meets this requirement?
A.Amazon Personalize
B.Amazon SageMaker
C.Amazon Pinpoint
D.Amazon Comprehend
Answer:A
QUESTION 959
A company needs to centralize the periodic backups that are being created for
Amazon EC2 instances and an Amazon Elastic File System (Amazon EFS)file
system. Which AWS service will meet this requirement with MINIMAL
operational effort?
A. Amazon S3
B.AWS Data Pipeline
C.AWS Backup
D.AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: C
QUESTION 960
A company is releasing a business critical application Before the release, the
company needs strategic planning assistance from AWS During the release,
the company needs AWS infrastructure event management and real time
support. What should the company do to meet these requirements?
A.Access AWS Trusted Advisor.
B.Contact the AWS Partner Network(APN)
C.Sign up for AWS Enterprise Support
D.Contact AWS Professional Services
Answer:B
QUESTION 961
A company is using on -premises Microsoft Active Directory federation to
manage user identities and groups What AWS identity and Access
Management(Lam setting maps the permissions for AWS services to the Active
Directory user attributes?
A.IAM users
B.IAM access keys
C.IAM roles
D.IAM groups
Answer: C
QUESTION 962
A company uses Amazon s3 buckets One of the company's departments
enableds3 Cross -Region Replication for those buckets to meet new
requirements. The company's bill for that month was larger than usual Which
AWS service or feature can the company use to confirm that the cost increase
was caused by the data replication?
A.Consolidated biling
B.Cost Explorer
C.AWS Pricing Calculator
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer:B
QUESTION 963
A system administrator notices that several Amazon EC2 instances have been
terminated. The system administrator needs to identify the user or AWS API
call that terminated these instances. Which AWS service should the system
administrator use to meet this
requirement?
A.AWS Trusted Advisor
B.AWS CloudTrail
C.Amazon Inspector
D.Amazon Detective
Answer:B
QUESTION 964
A company wants to run Amazon EC2 instances in locations that are near the
company's global users. Which aspect of the AWS environment will support
this requirement?
A.Availability Zone
B.Edge locations
C.AWS Regions
D.Regional edge caches
Answer:C
QUESTION 965
How does AWS CloudFormation help users operate in the AWS Cloud?
A. It supports the simple coding of cloud-native applications
B. It monitors the cloud environment
C. It automates the responses to threats, reducing remediation and recovery
time
D.it provides the ability to model and provision the resources needed for
applications
Answer: D
QUESTION 966
A company needs a data warehouse for a new analytics project that will run on
AWS. Which AWS service will meet this requirement?
A.Amazon DynamoDB
B.Amazon Redshift
C.Amazon Aurora
D.Amazon RDS for Oracle
Answer:B
QUESTION 967
Which databases are available on Amazon RDS?(Select TwO)
A.Sybase
B.Microsoft SQL Server
C.IBM Db2
D.MongoDB
E.PostgreSQl
Answer:B,E
QUESTION 968
In which ways does the AWS Cloud offer lower total cost of ownership(TCO)of
computing resources than on-premises data centers?(Select TwO.)
A.AWS replaces upfront capital expenditures with pay as you-go costs
B.AWS is designed for high availability, which eliminates user downtime.
C.AWS eliminates the need for on premises IT staff,
D.AWS uses economies of scale to continually reduce prices
E.AWS offers a single pricing model for Amazon EC2 instances
Answer: A,D
QUESTION 969
A company wants to secure its consumer web application by using SSUTLS to
encrypt traffic. Which AWS service can the company use to meet this goal?
A.AWS WAF
B.AWS Shield
C. Amazon VPC
D.AWS Certificate Manager(ACM)
Answer: D
QUESTION 970
Which AWS service can a company use to perform complex analytical queries?
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Redshift
D. Amazon ElastiCache
Answer: C
QUESTION 971
A company is running multiple workloads in the AWS Cloud and recently
began investigating ways to reduce costs The company is already running
fault-tolerant workloads on Amazon EC2 that perform periodic checkpoints in
case of an outage. Which AWS service or pricing model can provide the
GREATEST cost savings?
A.Capacity Reservations
B.Amazon Lightsail
C.Spot Instances
D.Dedicated Hosts
Answer:C
QUESTION 972
Which AWS service gives users the ability to develop loosely coupled
microservices and improve service to service communication?
A.WS Service Catalog
B.AWS Direct Connect
C.Amazon EventBridge(Amazon CloudWatch Events)
D.Amazon CloudWatch Logs
Answer:C
QUESTION 973
Which AWS Trusted Advisor category contains information about high AWS
service usage that could restrict the deployment of additional AWS resources?
A. Security
B. Fault tolerance
C. Performance
D. Service quotas
Answer:C
QUESTION 974
Which AWS service or feature can a company use to provide high availability
of anapplication?
A.Network ACLS
B.Amazon GuardDuty
C.Availability Zones
D.AWS Organizations
Answer:C
QUESTION 975
A company needs a firewall that will control network connections to and from
a single Amazon EC2instance.This firewall will no control network connections
to and from other instances that are in the same subnet. Which AWS service or
feature can the company use to meet these requirements?
A.Network ACL
B.AWS WAF
C.Route table
D.Security group
Answer:D
QUESTION 976
An online retail company is having a sale next month that will generate an
increase in traffic for the company's application. The company plans to add
new Amazon EC2instances to support the increased demand on the
application. The application must be able to accommodate the increase in
traffic and cannot experience any downtime Which EC2instancepurchasing
option will meet these requirements at the LOWEST cost?
A.Reserved Instances
B.On-Demand Instances
C.Spot Instances
D.Dedicated Hosts
Answer:B
QUESTION 977
Which guidelines are best practices for using AWS identity and Access
Management(AM)?(Select TWO)
A.Share access keys
B.Create individual IAM users.
C.Use inline policies instead of customer managed policies.
D.Grant maximum privileges to IAM users.
E.Use groups to assign permissions to IAM users
Answer:C,E
QUESTION 978
Which AWS benefit enables users to deploy cloud infrastructure that consists
of multiple geographic regions connected by a network with low latency, high
throughput, and redundancy?
A.Economies of scale
B.Security
C.Elasticity
D.Global reach
Answer:D
QUESTION 979
Which of the following security resources are supplied by AWS?(Select TWO)
A.Trusted Advisor checks
B.Service intrusion metrics
C.Penetration testing
D.Educational webinars
E.Peer-to-peer file-sharing detection
Answer:A,B
QUESTION 980
A company needs to store database backups The company must be able to
retrieve the data in minutes Backup restorations will take place once a year.
Which AWS solution should the company use to meet these requirements at
the LOWES cost?
A.Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
B.Amazon S3 Glacier
C.Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS),
D.Amazon S3 Standard
Answer:B
QUESTION 981
What is a benefit of using AWS serverless computing?
A.Application deployment and management are no required
B.Application security will be fully managed by AWS.
C.Monitoring and logging are not needed.
D.Management of infrastructure is floaded to AWS.
Answer:D
QUESTION 982
Which AWS service is always available free of charge to users?
A. Amazon Athena
B.AWS ldentity and Access Management(LAM)
C.AWS Secrets Manager
D.Amazon ElastiCache
Answer:B
QUESTION 983
Which controls are shared under the AWS shared responsibility model?
Select TWO)
A. Awareness and training
B. Patching of Amazon RDS
C. Configuration management
D. Physical and environmental controls
E. Service and communications protection or security
Answer: B D
QUESTION 984
Which AWS service is a fully hosted version control service?
A. AWS CodeCommit
B.AWS CodeBuild
C.AWS CodeDeploy
D.AWS CodeStar
Answer: A
QUESTION 985
A media company uploads audio and video files to a centralized Amazon S3
bucket from locations that are geographically dispersed. Which AWS solution
will optimize transfer speeds for these files?
A.AWS Global Accelerator
B.S3 Transfer Acceleration
C.AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon Cloud Front
Answer: B
QUESTION 986
A company spends several months upgrading its on-premises infrastructure
every few years. The company wants to reduce infrastructure procurement
time by migrating to the AWS Cloud. What is the main benefit of migrating to
the AWS Cloud for this use case?
A.AWS will help move the existing hardware to the AWS data centers
B. The company will have increased agility with on-demand access to IT
resources
C. Enterprise support will be available to help with recurring application
installation and setup
D. The company will experience less downtime with Multi-AZ deployments
Answer: B
QUESTION 987
A developer is writing a new application that consists of
multiple AWS Microservices. During quality assurance testing, the developer
notices runtime errors in several areas of the application. which AWS service
should the developer use to help troubleshoot the errors?
A. AWS CloudTrail
B. AWS X-Ray
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. Amazon Cognito
Answer: B
QUESTION 988
Which cloud characteristics enable a company to provision or release
computing capacity as required? (Select TWO.)
A. Scalability
B. Economies of scale
C. Elasticity
D. Agility
E. Reliability
Answer: A,C
QUESTION 989
A user wants to identify any security group that is allowing unrestricted
incoming SSH traffic. Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this goal?
A. Amazon Cognito
B.AWS Shield
C. Amazon Macie
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: D
QUESTION 990
Which of the following is entirely the responsibility of Aws, according to the
AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Security awareness and training
B. Development of an IAM password policy
C. Patching of the guest operating system
D. Physical and environmental controls
Answer: D
QUESTION 991
A company wants to improve the overall availability and performance of its
applications that are hosted on AWS. Which AWS service should the company
use?
A. Amazon Connect
B. Amazon Lightsail
C.AWS Global Accelerator
D.AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: C
QUESTION 992
Which of the following are AWS Trusted Advisor support categories? (Select
TWO)
A. Operational excellence
B. Cost optimization
C. Security
D. Well-Architected Framework
E. Rightsizing
Answer: B,C
QUESTION 993
Which AWS service or tool helps to centrally manage billing and allow
controlled access to resources across AWS accounts?
A.AWS ldentity and Access Management (AM)
B.AWS Organizations
C. Cost Explorer
D.AWS Budgets
Answer: B
QUESTION 994
Which AWs service enables companies to deploy an application close to end
users?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B.AWS Auto Scaling
C.AWS AppSync
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer: A
QUESTION 995
A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and wants to maintain high availability
in geographically distributed locations Which choice should the company make
for the location of its EC2instances?
A. Use a single Availability Zone in multiple edge locations
B. Use multiple Availability Zones in multiple AWS Regions
C. Use multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region.
D. Use multiple Availability Zones in multiple edge locations
Answer: B
QUESTION 996
Acompany is developing an application that the company will host on Amazon
EC2 instances The application must be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
The companyneeds a scalable, highly available cloud architecture to support th
e application.Which guidelinesshould the company apply in its design to meet
these requirements?(Select TWO.)
A. Use EC2 Spot Instances
B. Use Multi-AZ deployments
C. Use Auto Scaling groups
D. Use AWS Backup
E. Use EC2 Reserved Instances
Answer: B,C
QUESTION 997
Which AWS service or tool allows users to visualize, understand, and manage
AWScosts and usage over time?
A.AWS Budgets
B.AWS Trusted Advisor
C.AWS CloudTrail
D. Cost Explorer
Answer: D
QUESTION 998
Which of the fllowing is a way to use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups to scale
capacity in the AWS Cloud?
A.Scale the number of EC2 instances in or out automatically based on demand.
B. Use serverless EC2 instances.
C.Scale the size of EC2 instances up or down automatically based on demand
D. Transfer unused CPU resources between EC2instances
Answer: A
QUESTION 999
A company has decided to migrate its production workloads to the AWS Cloud
Which actions can help reduce operational costs as part of the migration?(Select
Two.)
A. Reduce over provisioned instances.
B. Rehost all third-party licenses on AWS
C. Implement a highly available architecture.
D. Use managed services.
E. improve application security.
Answer: B,D
QUESTION 1000
Which activity is considered out of scope for AWS Support?
A. Solving problems detected by Amazon EC2 health checks
B. Answering "how to" questions on AWS services and features
C. Trouble shoot ina AWS APIs
D. Tuning database queries
Answer: D
QUESTION 1001
Which AWS service or IAM identity provides a secondary layer of protection
when users sign in to the AWS Management Console?
A. AWS Shield
B. IAM roles
C. Multi-factor authentication(MFA)
D. IAM groups
Answer: C
QUESTION 1002
Which Reserved instance (Rl)provides the HIGHEST average cost savings
compared to an On-Demand Instance?
A.1-year, NO Upfront, Standard RI
B.1-year, All Upfront, Convertible RI
C.3-year, All Upfront, Standard RI
D.3-year, No Upfront, Convertible RI
Answer: C
QUESTION 1003
A company needs to connect on-premises applications to AWS Cloud storage
by using industry-standard internet Small Computer Systems Interface
(iSCSl)connectivity. Which AWS solution can the company use to meet this
requirement?
A.AWS Storage Gateway file gateway
B. Amazon API Gateway
C.AWS Storage Gateway volume gateway
D.AWS Transit Gateway
Answer: C
QUESTION 1004
A company runs Amazon EC2 instances in a research lab. The instances
runfor3hours each week and cannot be interrupted. What is the MOST costeffective instance purchasing option to meet these requirements?
A. Compute Savings Plan
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Convertible Reserved Instances
D. Spot Instances
Answer: A
QUESTION 1005
Question:A company has migrated a customer-facing application to the AWS
Cloud.The application is running on Amazon EC2 instances behind an Application
Load Balancer in a single AWS Region.Customers from many countries use the
application.The company needs to provide low latency for these customers.Which
AWS service or feature should the company use to meet these requirements
A.AWS Privatelink
B.AWS Compute Optimizer
C.AWS Lambda
D.AWS Global Accelerator
Answer:D
QUESTION 1006
Question:A company is planning to build a workload in the AWS Cloud The company
needs to estimate the costs of the network, compute, storage and database for the
workload. Which AWS service or tool should the company use to generate this estimate?
A. AWS Budgets
B. AWS Organizations
C. Cost Explorer
D. AWS Pricing Calculator
Answer:D
QUESTION 1007
Question: Which AWS services can a company use to host and run a MySQL
database?(Select TWO)
A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon EC2
E. Amazon MQ
Answer: AD
QUESTION 1008
Question:A small company needs guidance about which AWS productsfeaturesand
services to use to best support its specific use cases.The company also wants guidance
about how to configure its AWS architecture to optimize performance and costs.Which
AWS Support plan meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively
A.AWS Enterprise Support
B.AWS Developer Support
C.AWS Business Support
D.AWS Basic Support
Answer:C
QUESTION 1009
Question:A company recently migrated data from on premises to Amazon Aurora. How
does the AWS shared responsibility model apply to this use case?
A. AWS is responsible for the physical infrastructure on which the company's data
resides. The company is responsible for A everything else.
B. AWS is responsible for installing the database application, updating the operating
system, and performing maintenance
C. The company is responsible for updating the operating system and performing
software maintenance
D. The company is responsible for the security of the hardware on which the database
resides
Answer:B
QUESTION 1010
Question:A global company is building a simple time-tracking mobile app. The app
needs to operate globally and must store collected data in a database. Data must be
accessible from the AWS Region that is closest to the user. What should the company
do to meet these data storage requirements with the LEAST amount of operational
overhead?
A. Use Amazon EC2 in multiple Regions to host separate databases
B. Use Amazon RDS cross-Region replication
C. Use Amazon DynamoDB global tables
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service(AWS DMS)
Answer:C
QUESTION 1011
Question:A company has an AWS Enterprise Support plan. The company has questions
about a bill that it received recentlyWhich AWS solutions or resources should the
company use or consult with to learn more about its spending?(Select TWO.)
A. Cost Explorer
B. Infrastructure event management
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS technical account manager TAM)
E. AWS CloudTraill
Answer: AD
QUESTION 1012
Question:A retail company is migrating its IT infrastructure applications from on
premises to the AWS Cloud. Which costs will the company eliminate with this
migration?(Select TWO.)
A. Cost of data center operations
B. Cost of application licensing
C. Cost of marketing campaigns
D. Cost of physical server hardware
E. Cost of network management
Answer: AB
QUESTION 1013
Question: Which tasks are the responsibility of AWS, according to the AWS shared
responsibility model?(Select TWO)
A. Patch AWS network devices
B. Set user password rules
C. Provide physical security for compute resources
D. Configure security groups E. Patch the operating system of an Amazon EC2 instance
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1014
Question: Which tool is best suited for combining the biling of AWS accounts that were
previously independent from one another?
A. Detailed billing report
B. Consolidated billing
C. AWS Cost and Usage report
D. Cost allocation report
Answer:B
QUESTION 1015
Question: Under the AWS shared responsibility model, who is responsible for AWS
Lambda function code quality and memory configuration?
A. AWS is responsible for both activities.
B. The customer is responsible for code quality and AWS is responsible for memory
configuration.
C. The customer is responsible for both activities.
D.AWS is responsible for code quality and the customer is responsible for memory
configuration.
Answer:C
QUESTION 1016
Question:Which AWS service or feature allows a company to receive a single monthly
AWS bill when using multiple AWS accounts?
A.Consolidated biling
B.Amazon Cloud Directory
C.AWS Cost Explorer
D.AWS Cost and Usage report
Answer:A
QUESTION 1017
Question:Which AWS service or feature allows the user to manage cross-region
application traffic?
A. Amazon App Stream 2.0
B. Amazon VPC
C. Elastic Load Balancer
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer:D
QUESTION 1018
Question: Under the AWS shared responsibility model, the customer is responsible
formanaging security and patches for which of the following?(Select TWO.)
A. An Amazon EC2 instance guest operating system
B. An Amazon EC2 bare metal instance host operating system
C. An Amazon EC2 instance host operating system
D. An Amazon RDS instance guest operating system E. An Amazon RDS instance host
operating system
Answer: AB
QUESTION 1019
Question: Which of the following AWS services is serverless?
A. Amazon EMR
B. Amazon EC2
C. AWS Lambda
D. Amazon SageMaker
Answer:C
QUESTION 1020
Question: Which AWS service or feature can be used for caching static web content?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon DocumentDB
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. Network Load Balancer
Answer:C
QUESTION 1021
Question: Which actions are the responsibility of AWS under the AWS shared
responsibility model?(Select TWO)
A. Scanning AWS service endpoints for vulnerabilities
B. Enabling encryption on an Amazon S3 bucket
C. Configuring security group rules
D. Enforcing application access restrictions E. Encrypting traffic on the AWS backbone
between global and regional AWS facilities
Answer: BC
QUESTION 1022
Question:Which AWS service or feature can be used to create a private connection
between an on-premises workload and an AWS Cloudworkload?
A. Amazon Route 53
B. Amazon Macie
C.AWS Direct Connect
D.AWS PrivateLink
Answer:D
QUESTION 1023
Question:Which AWS service should a company use to continuously monitor the
compliance of AWS resource configurations?
A.AWS Organizations
B.AWS Config
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS Service Catalog
Answer:B
QUESTION 1024
Question: Which AWS service or feature is used to troubleshoot network connectivity
issues between Amazon EC2 instances?
A. AWS Certificate Manager(ACM)
B. Internet gateway
C. VPC Flow Logs
D. AWS CloudHSM
Answer:C
QUESTION 1025
Question: Which of the following are advantages of using Amazon EC2instances over
traditional on-premises servers?(Select TWO.)
A. Pay-as-you-go pricing
B. Automation
C. Self-maintenance of servers
D. Agility
E. Access to physical hosts
Answer: A C
QUESTION 1026
Question:Which of the following is an AWS value proposition that describes a users
ability to scale infrastructure based on demand?
A. Speed of innovation
B. Resource elasticity
C.Decoupled architecture
D.Global deployment
Answer: D
QUESTION 1027
Question:Which AWS service or feature provides a platform for building cloud-based
customer service contact centers?
A. Amazon Pinpoint
B. Amazon Connect
C. Amazon Athena
D. AWS Enterprise Support
Answer:B
QUESTION 1028
Question: Which AWS services or features help protect Amazon EC2 instances from
DDoS attacks by limiting network access to the instances?(Select TWO.)
A. Network ACLs
B. AWS Batch
C. Security groups
D. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM)
E. AWS CloudHSM
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1029
Question: Which of the following are security best practices for using AWS Identity
and Access Management (IAM)? (Select TWO)
A. Use AWS account root user credentials for IAM tasks
B. Rotate credentials regularly
C. Do not remove credentials, even if they are never used
D. Enable multi-factor authentication (MFA)
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1030
Question:A company's application has three tiers: web, business, and data. The web and
business tiers are hosted on AWS, and the database tier is located on premises. Which
type of deployment model is the company running?
A. Cloud deployment
B. Hybrid deployment
C. On-premises deployment
D. Multicloud deployment
Answer:B
QUESTION 1031
Question: A company wants to store data with high availability, encrypt the data at rest,
and have direct access to the data over the internet. Which AWS service will meet these
requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS)
D. AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: B
QUESTION 1032
Question: How do AWS users trade infrastructure expenses for operational expenses?
A. Secure their physical infrastructure to prevent malicious attacks.
B. Use AWS Budgets to ensure that spending on AWS resources does not exceed preset
thresholds.
C. Eliminate the electricity costs that are associated with the hosting of physical servers.
D. Use AWS Auto Scaling to dynamically increase and decrease compute resources as
needed.
Answer: D
QUESTION 1033
Question: A network engineer needs to establish a dedicated 10 Gbps network
connection from an on-premises environment to AWS. Which AWS service or feature
should the engineer use?
A. Amazon Route 53
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. AWS PrivateLink
D. AWS VPN
Answer: B
QUESTION 1034
Question: Which AWS service or feature provides an online, managed software catalog
that helps users purchase and deploy third-party software?
A. AWS Support
B. AWS Marketplace
C. Amazon EC2 private Amazon Machine Images(AMIs)
D. AWS reseller programs
Answer: B
QUESTION 1035
Question: A company has a Java web application. The company wants to use auto
deployment to create the AWS environment and deploy new versions of its
application.Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
A. AWS Auto Scaling
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. AWS Control Tower
D. Amazon EC2
Answer: B
QUESTION 1036
Question: Which action will provide documentation to help a company evaluate
whether its use of the AWS Cloud is compliant with local regulatory standards?
A. Running Amazon GuardDuty
B. Using AWS Artifact
C. Creating an AWS Support ticket
D. Evaluating AWS Cloud Trail logs
Answer: B
QUESTION 1037
Question: A company is launching a new application in the AWS Cloud. The
application will run on an Amazon EC2 instance. More EC2 instances will be needed
when the workload increases. Which AWS service or tool can the company use to
launch the number of EC2 instances that will be needed to handle the workload?
A. Elastic Load Balancing
B. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
C. AWS App2Container(A2C)
D. AWS Systems Manager
Answer: B
QUESTION 1038
Question: A company has infrastructure in one AWS Region and is expanding
operations to a second AWS Region. The company is using the same AWS
CloudFormation template in the second Region that the company uses in the original
Region. The company attempts to launch Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances in the
second Region and receives error messages. What could cause these error messages?
A. A new EC2 key pair has not been created for the EC2 instances.
B. The requested EC2 instance types are not available in the second Region.
C. The company cannot operate in a second Region until it updates its AWS contract.
D. The company has not configured AWS Budgets to monitor the budget for the EC2
instances.
Answer: A
QUESTION 1039
Question: Which of the following is a software development framework that a company
can use to define cloud resources as code and provision the resources through AWS
CloudFormation?
A. AWS CLI
B. AWS Developer Center
C. AWS Cloud Development Kit(AWS CDK)
D. AWS CodeStar
Answer: C
QUESTION 1040
Question: Which options are available to a user who wants to contact AWS
Support?(Choose two.)
A. Create an email case in the AWS Support Center.
B. Visit a local AWS Support Center.
C. Use live chat functionality.
D. Call the customer service phone number.
E. Use the video conference functionality of the AWS Support console.
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1041
Question: A global company is building a simple time-tracking mobile app. The app
needs to operate globally and must store collected data in a database. Data must be
accessible from the AWS Region that is closest to the user. What should the company
do to meet these data storage requirements with the LEAST amount of operational
overhead?
A. Use Amazon EC2 in multiple Regions to host separate databases.
B. Use Amazon RDS cross-Region replication.
C. Use Amazon DynamoDB global tables.
D. Use AWS Database Migration Service(AWS DMS).
Answer: C
QUESTION 1042
Question: A company plans to store sensitive data in an Amazon S3 bucket. Which task
is the responsibility of AWS?
A. Activate encryption at rest for the data.
B. Provide security for the physical infrastructure.
C. Train the company's employees about cloud security.
D. Remove personally identifiable information (PII) from the data.
Answer: A
QUESTION 1043
Question: A company needs a firewall that will control network connections to and
from a single Amazon EC2 instance. This firewall will not control network connections
to andfrom other instances that are in the same subnet. Which AWS service or feature
can the company use to meet these requirements?
A. NetworkACL
B. AWS WAF
C. Route table
D. Security group
Answer: D
QUESTION 1044
Question: Which of the following are AWS Trusted Advisor support
categories?(Choose two.)
A. Operational excellence
B. Cost optimization
C. Security
D. Well-Architected Framework E. Rightsizing
Answer: BC
QUESTION 1045
Question: Which of the following is entirely the responsibility of AWS, according to
the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. Patching of the guest operating system
B. Security awareness and training
C. Physical and environmental controls
D. Development of an IAM password policy
Answer: C
QUESTION 1046
Question: Which AWS service can be used to decouple applications?
A. AWS Config
B. Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS)
C. AWS Batch
D. Amazon Simple Email Service(Amazon SES)
Answer: B
QUESTION 1047
Question: A financial services company wants to ensure that its AWS account activity
is logged to meet regulatory requirements for logging, auditing, and governance. Which
AWS service meets these requirements?
A. AWS Cloud Trail
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Config
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: A
QUESTION 1048
Question: A company implements an Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling policy along with an
Application Load Balancer to automatically recover unhealthy applications that run on
Amazon EC2 instances. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does
this action cover?
A. Security
B. Performance efficiency
C. Operational excellence
D. Reliability
Answer: D
QUESTION 1049
Question: A retail company needs to build a highly available architecture for a
newecommerce platform. The company is using the only AWS services that replicates
data across multiple Availability Zones. Which AWS services should the company use
to meet this requirement?(Choose two.)
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon DynamoDBE. Amazon Redshift
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1050
Question: Which AWS service uses edge locations?
A. Amazon Aurora
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. Amazon Connect
D. AWS Outposts
Answer: B
QUESTION 1051
Question: A company wants to deploy some of its resources in the AWS Cloud. To
meet regulatory requirements, the data must remain local and on premises. There must
be low latency between AWS and the company resources. Which AWS service or
feature can be used to meet these requirements?
A. AWS Local Zones
B. Availability Zones
C. AWS Outposts
D. AWS Wavelength Zones
Answer: C
QUESTION 1052
Question: What is the LEAST expensive AWS Support plan that provides a designated
AWS technical account manager(TAM)?
A. AWS Developer Support
B. AWS Enterprise Support
C. AWS Basic Support
D. AWS Business Support
Answer: B
QUESTION 1053
Question: Which AWS service or feature enables users to encrypt data at rest in
Amazon S3?
A. IAM policies
B. Server-side encryption
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. Client-side encryption
Answer: A
QUESTION 1054
Question: A company is moving multiple applications to a single AWS account. The
company wants to monitor the AWS Cloud costs incurred by each application.What
can the company do to meet this requirement?
A. Set up invoiced billing.
B. Use AWS Artifact.
C. Set the budgets in Cost Explorer.
D. Create cost allocation tags.
Answer: D
QUESTION 1055
Question: A company is based in the us-east-1 Region and has a satellite office in the
eu-west-2 Region.The company wants to use Amazon WorkSpaces to host its internal
web portal and virtual desktops for employees.What should the company do to
minimize latency and ensure the best possible performance for employees?
A. Deploy the internal web portal and virtual desktops to us-east-1 only.Use an Amazon
CloudFront distribution for the users in eu-west-2.
B. Deploy the internal web portal to us-east-1 only.Deploy the virtual desktops to useast-1
and eu-west-2.
C. Deploy the internal web portal to us-east-1 and eu-west-2.Deploy the virtual
desktops on network optimized Amazon EC2 instances to us-east-1 only.
D. Deploy the internal web portal and virtual desktops to us-east-1 and eu-west-2.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1056
Question: A company is considering a move to the AWS Cloud.The company wants to
beable to scale its compute resources as needed to accommodate changing loads. Which
benefit of the AWS Cloud does this scenario describe?
A. Global deployments in minutes
B. Cost savings
C. Agility
D. Elasticity
Answer: D
QUESTION 1057
Question: A company runs its workloads on premises. The company wants to forecast
thecost of running a large application on AWS. Which AWS service or tool can the
company use to obtain this information?
A. AWS Pricing Calculator
B. AWS Budgets
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Cost Explorer
Answer: D
QUESTION 1058
Question: A company wants to provide managed Windows virtual desktops and
applications to its remote employees over secure network connections. Which AWS
services can the company use to meet these requirements?(Choose two.)
A. Amazon Connect
B. Amazon AppStream 2.0
C. Amazon WorkSpaces
D. AWS Site-to-Site VPN E. Amazon Elastic Container Service(Amazon ECS)
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1059
Question: Which of the following is a managed AWS service that is used specifically
for extract, transform, and load(ETL) data?
A. Amazon Athena
B. AWS Glue
C. Amazon S3
D. AWS Snowball Edge
Answer: B
QUESTION 1060
Question: Which AWS service is always free of charge for users?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon Aurora
C. Amazon EC2
D. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Answer: C
QUESTION 1061
Question: Which AWS services can be used to store files?(Choose two.)
A. Amazon S3
B. AWS Lambda
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
D. Amazon SageMaker
E. AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: ACE
Explanation https://intellipaat. com/community/58120/which-aws-services-can-beused-to-store-files
QUESTION 1062
Question: How does consolidated billing help reduce costs for a company that has
multiple AWS accounts?
A. It aggregates usage across accounts so that the company can reach volume discount
thresholds sooner.
B. It offers an additional 5% discount on purchases of All Upfront Reserved Instances.
C. It provides a simplified billing invoice that the company can process more quickly
than a standard invoice.
D. It gives AWS resellers the ability to bill their customers for usage.
Answer: A
QUESTION 1063
Question: Which AWS service or feature can be used to find availability status
information on all AWS services?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. AWS Cloud Trail
C. AWS Service Health Dashboard
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: C
QUESTION 1064
Question: Which AWS service or feature provides users with recommendations for
common billing questions?
A. AWS Marketplace
B. AWS Knowledge Center
C. Amazon Pinpoint
D. Amazon Connect
Answer: B
QUESTION 1065
Question: A company wants to distribute its incoming traffic across multiple Amazon
EC2
instances. Which AWS service or feature should be used to meet this requirement?
A. Amazon Virtual Private Cloud(Amazon VPC)
B. AWS Application Load Balancer
C. AWS Managed VPN
D. AWS Direct Connect
Answer: B
QUESTION 1066
Question: Which disaster recovery option is the LEAST expensive?
A. Warm standby
B. Multisite
C. Backup and restore
D. Pilot light
Answer: C
QUESTION 1067
Question: A company uses a database that has a simple sign-up page to create users,
and a basic login form to authenticate users so they can access the database. The
company wants to give users the ability to store personal information, but the user
access must be controlled in a more secure and reliable way. Which AWS service or
feature will meet these requirements?
A. Security groups
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. AWS Secrets Manager
D. Amazon Cognito
Answer: A
QUESTION 1068
Question: Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on the ability
to run workloads effectively, gain insight into operations, and continuously improve
supporting processes and procedures?
A. Cost optimization
B. Reliability
C. Operational excellence
D. Performance efficiency
Answer: C
QUESTION 1069
Question: Which AWS benefit is demonstrated by on-demand technology services that
enable companies to replace upfront fixed expenses with variable expenses?
A. High availability
B. Economies of scale
C. Pay-as-you-go pricing
D. Global reach
Answer: C
QUESTION 1070
Question: A large organization has a single AWS account. What are the advantages of
reconfiguring the single account into multiple AWS accounts?(Choose two.)
A. It allows for administrative isolation between different workloads.
B. Discounts can be applied on a quarterly basis by submitting cases in the AWS
Management Console.
C. Transitioning objects from Amazon S3 to Amazon S3 Glacier in separate AWS
accounts will be less expensive.
D. Having multiple accounts reduces the risks associated with malicious activity
targeted at a single account.
E. Amazon QuickSight offers access to a cost tool that provides application-specific
recommendations for environments running in multiple accounts.
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1071
Question: An online retail company recently deployed a production web application.
The system administrator needs to block common attack patterns such as SQL injection
and cross-site scripting. Which AWS service should the administrator use to address
these concerns?
A. AWS WAF
B. Amazon VPC
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: A
QUESTION 1072
Question: What does Amazon CloudFront provide?
A. Automatic scaling for all resources to power an application from a single unified
interface
B. Secure delivery of data, videos, applications, and APls to users globally with low
latency
C. Ability to directly manage traffic globally through a variety of routing types,
including latency-based routing, geo DNS, geoproximity, and weighted round robin
D. Automatic distribution of incoming application traffic across multiple targets, such
as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, IP addresses, and AWS Lambda functions
Answer: B
QUESTION 1073
Question: Which phase describes agility as a benefit of building in the AWS Cloud?
A. The ability to pay only when computing resources are consumed, based on the
volume of resources that are consumed
B. The ability to eliminate guessing about infrastructure capacity needs
C. The ability to support innovation through a reduction in the time that is required to
make IT resources available to developers
D. The ability to deploy an application in multiple AWS Regions around the world in
minutes
Answer: C
Explanation https://docs. aws. amazon. com/whitepapers/latest/aws-overview/sixadvantages-of-cloud-computing. Html
QUESTION 1074
Question: A company is undergoing a security audit. The audit includes security
validation and compliance validation of the AWS infrastructure and services that the
company uses.
The auditor needs to locate compliance-related information and must download AWS
security and compliance documents. These documents include the System and
Organization Control(SOC) reports. Which AWS service or group can provide these
documents?
A. AWS Abuse team
B. AWS Artifact
C. AWS Support
D. AWS Config
Answer: B
QUESTION 1075
Question: Which AWS Trusted Advisor checks are available to users with AWS Basic
Support?(Choose two.)
A. Service limits
B. High utilization Amazon EC2 instances
C. Security groups ? specific ports unrestricted
D. Load balancer optimization E. Large number of rules in an EC2 security groups
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1076
Question: A company has a centralized group of users with large file storage
requirements that have exceeded the space available onpremises. The company wants
to extend its file storage capabilities for this group while retaining the performance
benefit of sharing content locally. What is the MOST operationally efficient AWS
solution for this scenario?
A. Create an Amazon S3 bucket for each users. Mount each bucket by using an S3 file
system mounting utility.
B. Configure and deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway. Connect each user's
workstation to the file gateway.
C. Move each user's working environment to Amazon WorkSpaces. Set up an Amazon
WorkDocs account for each user.
D. Deploy an Amazon EC2 instance and attach an Amazon Elastic Block
Store(Amazon EBS) Provisioned IOPS volume. Share the EBS volume directly with
the users.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1077
Question: Which network security features are supported by Amazon VPC?(Choose
two.)
A. NetworkACLs
B. Internet gateways
C. VPC peering
D. Security groups E. Firewall rules
Answer: AD
QUESTION 1078
Question: A company wants to build a new architecture with AWS services. The
company needs to compare service costs at various scales. Which AWS service, tool,
or feature should the company use to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Compute Optimizer
B. AWS Pricing Calculator
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. Cost Explorer rightsizing recommendations
Answer: B
QUESTION 1079
Question: An Elastic Load Balancer allows the distribution of web traffic across
multiple:
A. AWS Regions.
B. Availability Zones.
C. Dedicated Hosts.
D. Amazon S3 buckets.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1080
Question: Which characteristic of the AWS Cloud helps users eliminate underutilized
CPU capacity?
A. Agility
B. Elasticity
C. Reliability
D. Durability
Answer: B
QUESTION 1081
Question: Which AWS services make use of global edge locations?(Choose two.)
A. AWS Fargate
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. AWS Global Accelerator
D. AWS Wavelength E. Amazon VPC
Answer: BC
QUESTION 1082
Question: Which of the following are economic benefits of using AWS Cloud?(Choose
two.)
A. Consumption-based pricing
B. Perpetual licenses
C. Economies of scale
D. AWS Enterprise Support at no additional cost E. Bring-your-own-hardware model
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1083
Question: A company is using Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling to scale its Amazon EC2
instances. Which benefit of the AWS Cloud does this example illustrate?
A. High availability
B. Elasticity
C. Reliability
D. Global reach
Answer: B
QUESTION 1084
Question: A company is running and managing its own Docker environment on
Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants to alternate to help manage cluster size,
scheduling, and environment maintenance. Which AWS service meets these
requirements?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon RDS
C. AWS Fargate
D. Amazon Athena
Answer: C
QUESTION 1085
Question: A company hosts an application on an Amazon EC2 instance. The EC2
instance needs to access several AWS resources, including Amazon S3 and Amazon
DynamoDB. What is the MOST operationally efficient solution to delegate permissions?
A. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the EC2
instance.
B. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access key in the application.
C. Create an IAM user and use its access key and secret access Key to create a CLI
profile in the EC2 instance
D. Create an IAM role with the required permissions. Attach the role to the
administrative IAM user.
Answer: A
QUESTION 1086
Question: Who is responsible for managing IAM user access and secret keys according
to the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. IAM access and secret keys are static, so there is no need to rotate them.
B. The customer is responsible for rotating keys.
C. AWS will rotate the keys whenever required.
D. The AWS Support team will rotate keys when requested by the customer.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1087
Question: A company is running a Microsoft SQL Server instance on premises and is
migrating its application to AWS. The company lacks the resources need to refactor the
application, but management wants to reduce operational overhead as part of the
migration. Which database service would MOST effectively support these requirements?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Microsoft SQL Server on Amazon EC2
D. Amazon RDS for SQL Server
Answer: D
QUESTION 1088
Question: A company wants to increase its ability to recover its infrastructure in the
caseof a natural disaster. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does
this ability represent?
A. Cost optimization
B. Performance efficiency
C. Reliability
D. Security
Answer: C
QUESTION 1089
Question: Which AWS service provides the capability to view end-to-end performance
metrics and troubleshoot distributed applications?
A. AWS Cloud9
B. AWS CodeStar
C. AWS Cloud Map
D. AWS X-Ray
Answer: D
QUESTION 1090
Question: Which tasks require use of the AWS account root user?(Choose two.)
A. Changing an AWS Support plan
B. Modifying an Amazon EC2 instance type
C. Grouping resources in AWS Systems Manager
D. Running applications in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS)
E. Closing an AWS account
Answer: AE
QUESTION 1091
Question: Which of the following describes AWS Local Zones?
A. A cluster of data centers in one geographic location
B. A site used by Amazon CloudFront to cache frequently accessed content
C. An extension of an AWS Region to more granular locations
D. One or more data centers with redundant power and networking
Answer: A
QUESTION 1092
Question: Which AWS service or feature is highly available by default?
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon Aurora
C. NAT instances
D. Amazon RDS
Answer: D
QUESTION 1092
Question: A company wants to improve its security and audit posture by limiting
Amazon EC2 inbound access. What should the company use to access instances
remotely instead of opening inbound SSH ports and managing SSH keys?
A. EC2 key pairs
B. AWS Systems Manager Session Manager
C. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM)
D. Network ACLs
Answer: B
QUESTION 1094
Question: A user needs the ability to access as many resources as are needed. The user
also needs the ability to scale up and scale down with only a few minutes of notice.
Which benefit of the AWS Cloud describes these abilities?
A. Reliability
B. Economy of scale
C. Elasticity
D. Pay-as-you-go pricing
Answer: C
QUESTION 1095
Question: Which task is an AWS responsibility when a workload is running in Amazon
RDS?
A. Creating the database table
B. Updating the database schema
C. Installing the database engine
D. Dropping the database records
Answer: C
QUESTION 1096
Question: A company is building a mobile app to provide shopping recommendations
to its customers. The company wants to use a graph database as part of the
shoppingrecommendation engine. Which AWS database service should the company
choose?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon Aurora
C. Amazon Neptune
D. Amazon DocumentDB(with MongoDB compatibility)
Answer: C
QUESTION 1097
Question: Which duty is a responsibility of AWS under the AWS shared responsibility
model?
A. Identity and access management (IAM)
B. Server-side encryption(SSE)
C. Firewall configuration
D. Maintaining physical hardware
Answer: D
QUESTION 1098
Question: Which AWS service allows users to provision resources using a consistent
and repeatable process?
A. AWS Systems Manager
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS Batch
D. AWS Config
Answer: B
QUESTION 1099
Question: A company has an application workload that is stateless be design and can
sustain occasional downtime. The application performs massively parallel
computations.
Which Amazon EC2 pricing model should the company choose for its application to
reduce cost?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Reserved Instances
D. Dedicated Instances
Answer: B
QUESTION 1100
Question: A company wants to establish a private network connection between AWS
and its corporate network. Which AWS service or feature will meet this requirement?
A. Amazon Connect
B. Amazon Route 53
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. VPC peering
Answer: C
QUESTION 1101
Question: According to the AWS shared responsibility model, the customer is
responsible for applying the latest security updates and patches for which of the
following?
A. Amazon DynamoDB
B. Amazon EC2 instances
C. Amazon RDS instances
D. Amazon S3
Answer: B
QUESTION 1102
Question: Which AWS service is a relational database compatible with MySQL and
PostgreSQL?
A. Amazon Redshift
B. Amazon DynamoDB
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon Neptune
Answer: C
QUESTION 1103
Question: Which AWS service should a company use to continuously monitor the
compliance of AWS resource configurations?
A. AWS Organizations
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS Service Catalog
Answer: B
QUESTION 1104
Question: A company has an uninterruptible application that runs on Amazon EC2
instances. The application constantly processes a backlog of files in an Amazon Simple
Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue. This usage is expected to continue to grow for
years. What is the MOST cost-effective EC2 instance purchasing model to meet these
requirements?
A. Spot Instances
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Savings Plans
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: B
QUESTION 1105
Question: Which AWS services and features are provided to all customers at no
charge?(Select TWO.)
A. Amazon Aurora
B. VPC
C. Amazon SageMaker
D. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM)
E. Amazon Polly
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1106
Question: A company has stopped all of its Amazon EC2 instances but monthly billing
charges continue to occur. What could be causing this? Select TWO.)
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS) storage charges
B. Operating system charges
C. Hardware charges
D. Elastic IP charges E. Input/output(I/O) charges
Answer: AD
QUESTION 1107
Question: Which AWS service gives users the ability to build interactive business
intelligence dashboards that include machine learning insights?
A. Amazon Athena
B. Amazon Kendra
C. Amazon QuickSight
D. Amazon Redshift
Answer: D
QUESTION 1108
Question: A company has an application that needs to invoke AWS services, including
Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, AWS Lambda, and AWS CodePipeline. Which AWS
service should the company use to meet this requirement?
A. Amazon Simple Email Service(Amazon SES)
B. Amazon EventBridge(Amazon Cloud Watch Events)
C. Amazon Kinesis Data Streams
D. AWS Database Migration Service(AWS DMS)
Answer: C
QUESTION 1109
Question: A company wants to deploy its application on AWS by using Amazon EC2
instances. The application has flexible start times and end times. The application also
can be restarted if necessary. Which instance purchasing option is the MOST costeffective for this use case?
A. Savings Plans
B. Reserved Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. On-Demand Instances
Answer: C
QUESTION 1110
Question: A VPC spans across:
A. AWS Regions.
B. Availability Zones.
C. edge locations.
D. corporate networks.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1111
Question: A cloud practitioner wants information on the state of an existing AWS
environment compared against established best practices. Which AWS services or
features should the cloud practitioner use to obtain this information?(Select TWO.)
A. AWS Artifact
B. AWS Solutions Library
C. AWS Trusted Advisor
D. AWS Well-Architected Tool E. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1112
Question: Which of the following will help a user determine if they need to request a
VPC service limit increase?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. AWS Service Catalog
Answer: A
QUESTION 1113
Question: A company has a business-critical Amazon RDS for MySQL DB instance
that resides in a single Availability Zone. Which solution will improve the availability
of the DB instance?
A. Convert the DB instance into a multi-Region deployment.
B. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS) queue in the same AWS
Region to manage writes to the DB instance.
C. Convert the DB instance into a Multi-AZ deployment.
D. Create an Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS) queue in a different AWS
Region to manage writes to the DB instance
Answer: C
QUESTION 1114
Question: How can a company maximize its application uptime in the AWS Cloud?
A. Deploy multiple copies of the application in different Availability Zones in the same
subnet.Fail over with Amazon Route53.
B. Deploy multiple copies of the application across multiple Availability Zones within
a VPC.Manually fail over if one site is unavailable.
C. Deploy the application to a single Availability Zone and fall back to a static page if
the application is unavailable.
D. Deploy multiple copies of the application across multiple Availability Zones and
load balance across each Availability Zone for automatic failover
Answer: D
QUESTION 1115
Question: How does AWS CloudFormation help users operate in the AWS Cloud?
A. It supports the simple coding of cloud-native applications
B. It monitors the cloud environment
C. It automates the responses to threats, reducing remediation and recovery time
D. It provides the ability to model and provision the resources needed for applications
Answer: D
QUESTION 1116
Question: Which AWS service or feature is used to troubleshoot network connectivity
issues between Amazon EC2 instances?
A. AWS Certificate Manager(ACM)
B. Internet gateway
C. VPC Flow Logs
D. AWS CloudHSM
Answer: C
QUESTION 1117
Question: A company has set up its IT infrastructure in the AWS Cloud. The company
wants to receive detailed reports that break down AWS costs by the hour. The reports
must be placed in an Amazon S3 bucket. Which AWS tool will meet these requirements?
A. AWS Cost and Usage Reports
B. AWS Pricing Calculator
C. Cost Explorer
D. AWS Budgets
Answer: A
QUESTION 1118
Question: Which AWS service or tool helps to centrally manage billing and allow
controlled access to resources across AWS account?
A. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM)
B. AWS Organizations
C. Cost Explorer
D. AWS Budgets
Answer: B
QUESTION 1119
QuestionA company needs to store database backups.The company must be able to
retrieve the data in minutes Backup restorations will take place once a year.Which AWS
solution should the company use to meet these requirements at the LOWEST cost
A.Amazon Elastic Block StoreAmazon EBS
B.Amazon S3 Glacier
C.Amazon Elastic File SystemAmazon EFS
D.Amazon S3 Standard
Answer: B
QUESTION 1120
Question: What is a benefit of using AWS serverless computing?
A. Application deployment and management are not required
B. Application security will be fully managed by AWS
C. Monitoring and logging are not needed
D. Management of infrastructure is ofloaded toAwSC
Answer: D
QUESTION 1121
Question: Which AWS service provides a view of the health of the specific services
that a company is using in its AWS account?
A. AWS Service Health Dashboard
B. Amazon QuickSight
C. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
D. AWS Cloud Trail
Answer: C
QUESTION 1122
Question: A company has decided to migrate its production workloads to the AWS
Cloud.
Which actions can help reduce operational costs as part of the migration?(Select TWO.)
A. Reduce overprovisioned instances.
B. Rehost all third-party licenses on AWS
C. Implement a highly available architecture
D. Use managed services.
E. Improve application security.
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1123
Question: Which AWS service enables companies to deploy an application close to end
users?
A. Amazon CloudFront
B. AWS Auto Scaling
C. AWS AppSync
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer: A
QUESTION 1124
Question: Which AWS service or feature is associated with a subnet in a VPC and is
used to control inbound and outbound traffic?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. Network ACLs
C. AWS Shield
D. VPC Flow Logs
Answer: B
QUESTION 1125
Question: A company wants to deploy and manage a Docker-based application on AWS.
Which solution meets these requirements with the LEAST amount of operational
overhead?
A. An open-source Docker orchestrator on Amazon EC2 instances
B. AWS AppSync
C. Amazon Elastic Container Registry(Amazon ECR)
D. Amazon Elastic Container Service(Amazon ECS)
Answer: A
QUESTION 1126
Question: Which AWS benefit enables users to deploy cloud infrastructure that consists
of multiple geographic regions connected by a network with low latency high
throughput, and redundancy?
A. Economies of scale
B. Security
C. Elasticity
D. Global reach
Answer: D
QUESTION 1127
Question: A company wants to improve the overall availability and performance of its
applications that are hosted on AWS. Which AWS service should the company use?
A. Amazon Connect
B. Amazon Lightsail
C. AWS Global Accelerator
D. AWS Storage Gateway
Answer: C
QUESTION 1128
Question: A company is releasing a business-critical application. Before the release, the
company needs strategic planning assistance from AWS. During the release,
thecompany needs AWS infrastructure event management and real-time support. What
should the company do to meet these requirements?
A. Access AWS Trusted Advisor
B. Contact the AWS Partner Network(APN)
C. Sign up for AWS Enterprise Support
D. Contact AWS Professional Services
Answer: C
QUESTION 1129
Question: Which AWS services or features can a company use to connect the network
of its on-premises data center to AWS?(Select Two.)
A. AWS VPN
B. AWS Directory Service
C. AWS Data Pipeline
D. AWS Direct Connect
E. AWS CloudHSM
Answer: AE
QUESTION 1130
Question: Which databases are available on Amazon RDS?(Select Two.)
A. Sybase
B. Microsoft SQL Server
C. IBMDB2
D. MongoDB
E. PostgreSQL
Answer: BE
QUESTION 1131
Question: A company needs general architectural guidance about how to use AWS
services for various use cases, workloads, and applications. What is the LEAST
expensive AWS Support plan that provides this guidance?
A. AWS Business Support
B. AWS Developer Support
C. AWS Enterprise Support
D. AWS Basic Support
Answer: A
QUESTION 1132
Question: A company is using multiple Availability Zones to deploy AWS Cloud
architecture. Which design principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework does
this example represent?
A. Implement elasticity
B. Decouple architecture components
C. Design for high availability
D. Thing parallel
Answer: C
QUESTION 1133
Question: A company is required to store its data close to its primary users. Which
benefit of the AWS Cloud supports this requirement?
A. Security
B. High availability
C. Elasticity
D. Global footprint
Answer: D
QUESTION 1134
Question: A media company uploads audio and video files to a centralized Amazon S3
bucket from locations that are geographically dispersed. Which AWS solution will
optimize transfer speeds for these files?
A. AWS Global Accelerator
B. S3 Transfer Accelerator
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon CloudFront
Answer: D
QUESTION 1135
Question: A company hosts a web application on Amazon EC2 instances. The
application requires credentials so that it can access other AWS services. Which feature
should the company use the provide this access?
A. IAM users
B. IAM groups
C. IAM roles
D. Multi-factor authentication(MFA)
Answer: D
QUESTION 1136
Question: Which tool or feature provides a report to forecast AWS billing costs for the
next 3 months?
A. Consolidated billing
B. AWS Budgets
C. AWS Cost and Usage Report
D. Cost Explorer
Answer: D
QUESTION 1137
Question: Which of the following is the responsibility of both AWS and the customer,
according to the AWS shared responsibility model?
A. AWS awareness and training
B. Client-side data encryption
C. Physical and environmental controls of AWS data centers
D. Server-side data encryption
Answer: A
QUESTION 1138
QuestionWhich AWS service should a company use to provide its employees with
access to the AWS Management Console?
A. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
B. Amazon Cognito
C. AWS Resource Access Manager
D. AWS Key Management Service(AWS KMS)
Answer: A
QUESTION 1139
Question: Which AWS service or feature provides a platform for building cloud-based
customer service contact centers?
A. Amazon Pinpoint
B. Amazon Connect
C. Amazon Athena
D. AWS Enterprise Support
Answer: B
QUESTION 1140
Question: A company needs a persistent cloud environment for development and
testing for a project that will run for 3 months. Which Amazon EC2 instance purchasing
option meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Reserved Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Dedicated Hosts
D. On-Demand Instances
Answer: D
QUESTION 1141
Question: Which AWS Support plan is recommended for business and mission-critical
workloads in AWS environments?
A. AWS Business Support
B. AWS Enterprise Support
C. AWS Basic Support
D. AWS Developer Support
Answer: A
QUESTION 1142
Question: A large company is using the AWS Cloud for its business units. Each
business until uses one VPC for each business application.The company is acquiring
other companies that have their own VPCs that run new applications. The company
needs to manage connectivity between its existing VPCs and the newly acquired VPCs.
Which AWS service can the company use to meet this requirement?
A. AWS App Mesh
B. AWS Cloud Map
C. AWS Transit Gateway
D. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
Answer: C
QUESTION 1143
Question: Which AWS service is delivered regionally?
A. AWS Shield
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon Route53
D. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
Answer: B
QUESTION 1144
Question: Which of the following are AWS Support plans that provide access to the
full set of AWS Trusted Advisor checks?(Select Two.)
A. AWS Enterprise Support
B. AWS Basic Support
C. AWS Business Support
D. AWS Developer SupportE. AWS Concierge Support
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1145
Question: A company is running multiple workloads in the AWS Cloud and recently
began investigating ways to reduce costs. The company is already running fault-tolerant
workloads on Amazon EC2 that perform periodic checkpoints in case of an outage.
Which AWS service or pricing model can provide the GREATEST cost savings?
A. Capacity Reservations
B. Amazon Lightsail
C. Spot Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: A
QUESTION 1146
Question: Which of the following is a way to use Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling groups to
scale capacity in the AWS Cloud?
A. Scale the number of EC2 instances in or out automatically, based on demand
B. Use serverless EC2 instances
C. Scale the size of EC2 instances up or down automatically, based on demand
D. Transfer unused CPU resources between EC2 instances
Answer: A
QUESTION 1147
Question: Which of the following are advantages of using Amazon EC2 instances over
traditional on-premses servers?(Select TWO.)
A. Pay-as-you-go pricing
B. Automation
C. Self-maintenance of servers
D. Agility
E. Access to physical hosts
Answer: A C
QUESTION 1148
Question: Which controls are shared under the AWS shared responsibility
model?(Select TWO.)
A. Awareness and training
B. Patching of Amazon RDS
C. Configuration management
D. Physical and environmental controls
E. Service and communications protection or security
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1149
Question: A company needs to use SQL to query data from Amazon S3. Which AWS
services or features can the company use to meet this requirement?(Select TWO.)
A. AWS Data Exchange
B. Amazon Athena
C. S3 Select
D. S3 Transfer Acceleration
E. AWS Data Pipeline
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1150
A company sells a device that uses automatic language recognition to
respond to spoken questions. The company wants to use deep learning and Natural
language understanding to power this device. Which AWS service meets these
requirements?
A. Amazon Transcribe
B. Amazon Comprehend
C. Amazon Lex
D. Amazon Polly
Answer: D
QUESTION 1151
Question: A company needs to run code in response to an event notification that occurs
when objects are uploaded to an Amazon S3 bucket. Which AWS service will integrate
directly with the event notification?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon EC2
C. Amazon Elastic Container Registry(Amazon ECR)
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Answer: A
QUESTION 1152
Question: Which cloud characteristics enable a company to provision or release
computing capacity as required?(Select Two.)
A. Scalability
B. Economies of scale
C. Elasticity
D. Agility
E. Reliability
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1153
Question: A company uses Amazon EC2 instances and wants to maintain high
availabilityin geographically distributed locations. Which choice should the company
make for the location of its EC2 instances?
A. Use a single Availability Zone in multiple edge locations
B. Use multiple Availability Zones in multiple AWS Regions
C. Use multiple Availability Zones in a single AWS Region
D. Use multiple Availability Zones in multiple edge locations
Answer: B
QUESTION 1154
Question: A company wants guidance to optimize the cost and performance of its
current AWS environment.Which AWS service or tool should the company use to
identify areas for optimization?
A. Amazon QuickSight
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Organizations
D. AWS Budgets
Answer: B
QUESTION 1155
Question: Which AWS service or tool allows users to visualize, understand, and
manage AWS costs and usage over time?
A. AWS Budgets
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Cloud Trail
D. Cost Explorer
Answer: D
QUESTION 1156
Question: Under the AWS shared responsibility model which task is the customer's
responsibility when managing AWS Lambda functions?
A. Creating versions of Lambda functions
B. Maintaining server and operating systems
C. Scaling Lambda resources according to demand
D. Updating the Lambda runtime environment
Answer: A
QUESTION 1157
QuestionWhich AWS service is a fully hosted version control service
A.AWS CodeCommit
B.AWS CodeBuild
C.AWS CodeDeploy
D.AWS CodeStar
Answer: A
QUESTION 1158
Question: Which IPv4 internet address for Amazon EC2 instances is billed at an hourly
rate?
A. A dynamic IP address that is requested in excess of the Regional limit for each
account
B. An Elastic IP address that is associated with an EC2 instance that is running
C. An Elastic IP address that is not associated with an EC2 instance that is running
D. A bring your own IP address(BYOIP) that is assigned to an EC2 instance that is
running
Answer: C
QUESTION 1159
Question: Which activity is considered out of scope for AWS Support?
A. Solving problems detected by Amazon EC2 health checks
B. Answering "how to" questions on AWS services and features
C. Troubleshooting AWS APIs
D. Tuning database queries
Answer: D
QUESTION 1160
Question: A company has decided to migrate its production workloads to the AWS
Cloud.
Which actions can help reduce operational costs as part of the migration?(Select TWO.)
A. Reduce overprovisioned instances
B. Rehost all third-party licenses on AWS
C. Implement a highly available architecture
D. Use managed services E. Improve application security
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1161
Question: A company spends several months upgrading its on-premises infrastructure
every few years. The company wants to reduce infrastructure procurement time by
migrating to the AWS Cloud. What is the main benefit of migrating to the AWS Cloud
for this use case?
A. AWS will help move the existing hardware to the AWS data centers
B. The company will have increased agility with on-demand access to IT resources
C. Enterprise support will be available to help with recurring application installation
and setup
D. The company will experience less downtime with Multi-AZ deployments
Answer: C
QUESTION 1162
Question: A company recently migrated data from on premises to Amazon Aurora.
How does the AWS shared responsibility model apply to this use case?
A. AWS is responsible for the physical infrastructure on which the company's data
resides.
The company is responsible for everything else.
B. AWS is responsible for installing the database application, updating the operating
system, and performing maintenance
C. The company is responsible for updating the operating system and performing
software maintenance
D. The company is responsible for the security of the hardware on which the database
resides
Answer: B
QUESTION 1163
Question: Which AWS Trusted Advisor category contains information about high
AWS service usage that could restrict the deployment of additional AWS resources?
A. Security
B. Fault tolerance
C. Performance
D. Service quotas
Answer: D
QUESTION 1164
Question: A developer is writing a new application that consists of multiple AWS
microservices During quality assurance testing, the developer notices runtime errors in
several areas of the application. Which AWS service should the developer use to help
troubleshoot the errors?
A. AWS Cloud Trail
B. AWSX-Ray
C. Amazon CloudWatch
D. Amazon Cognito
Answer: B
QUESTION 1165
Question: A company recently created its first AWS account. Which AWS services will
require the use of a VPC?(Select TWO.)
A. AmazonS3
B. Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS)
C. Amazon Cognito
D. Amazon DynamoDB
E. Amazon EC2
Answer: DE
QUESTION 1166
Question: Which of the following is an AWS value proposition that describes a user's
ability to scale infrastructure based on demand?
A. Speed of innovation
B. Resource elasticity
C. Decoupled architecture
D. Global deployment
Answer: B
QUESTION 1167
Question: A company wants to archive its media data as soon as the data is generated.
The company needs to store the data for several years Two or three times each year the
company must access some of the data within 10 minutes of a request. Which Amazon
S3
solution will meet these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. S3Standard
B. S3 Glacier with expedited retrievals
C. S3 Intelligent-Tiering
D. S3 Glacier Deep Archive
Answer: B
QUESTION 1168
QuestionA user wants to identify any security group that is allowing unrestricted
incoming SSH traffic.Which AWS service can be used to accomplish this goal
A.Amazon Cognito
B.AWS Shield
C.Amazon Macie
D.AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: D
QUESTION 1169
Question: A solutions architect needs to create a cost estimate for running workloads
on AWS. The cost estimate must then be exported tor management review. Which AWS
service or feature should be used to accomplish these tasks?
A. Cost Explorer
B. Amazon QuickSight
C. AWS Pricing Calculator
D. AWS Budgets
Answer: B
QUESTION 1170
Question: Which AWS service gives users the ability to find, buy, and immediately
start using third-party software solutions in their AWS environments?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS OpsWorks
C. AWS Systems Manager
D. AWS Marketplace
Answer: D
QUESTION 1171
Question: Which of the following security resources are supplied by AWS?(Select
TWO.)
A. Trusted Advisor checks
B. Service intrusion metrics
C. Penetration testing
D. Educational webinars
E. Peer-to-peer file-sharing detection
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1172
Question: A company's information security manager is supervising a move to AWS
and wants to ensure that AWS best practices are followed. The manager has concerns
about the potential misuse of AWS account root user credentials. Which of the
following is an AWS best practice for using the AWS account root user credentials?
A. Allow only the manager to use the account root user credentials for normal activities
B. Use the account root user credentials only for Amazon EC2 instances from the AWS
Free Tier
C. Use the account root user credentials only when they alone must be used to perform
a required function
D. Use the account root user credentials only for the creation of private VPC subnets
Answer: C
QUESTION 1173
Question: A company is building a web application and needs to test the application
across different mobile devices and desktop browsers. Which AWS service should the
company use for this testing?
A. AWS Amplify
B. AWS AppSync
C. Amazon Pinpoint
D. AWS Device Farm
Answer: D
QUESTION 1174
Question: Which actions should a company take to avoid failure in an AWS architecture
design?(Select TWO)
A. Separate Amazon EC2 instances into different Availability Zones.
B. Enable Alexa for Business for business applications
C. Use Amazon Workspaces to reduce the need for operating system patching
D. Use AWS Glue to prepare and load failover data E. Enable Amazon S3 CrossRegion Replication
Answer: AE
QUESTION 1175
Question: Which AWS service or tool provides information about the utilization of
Reserved Instances?
A. AWS Systems Manager
B. Cost Explorer
C. AWS Config
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: D
QUESTION 1176
Question: A company has a workload that requires data to be collected, analyzed and
stored on premises. The company wants to extend the use of AWS services to run on
premises with access to the company network and the company's VPC. Which AWS
service meets this requirement?
A. AWS Outposts
B. AWS Storage Gateway
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. AWS Snowball
Answer: B
QUESTION 1177
Question: Which AWS feature grants temporary access to specific AWS resources?
A. AWS IAM Access Analyzer
B. Service control policies(SCPs)
C. Access control lists(ACLs)
D. IAM roles
Answer: A
QUESTION 1178
Question: A company wants to use AWS storage services that support data lifecycle
management to reduce the cost of storing files that are not accessed frequently. Which
AWS services meets these requirements?(Select TWO.)
A. Amazon FSx
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
C. Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS)
D. Amazon S3
E. AWS Snowball
Answer: DE
QUESTION 1179
QuestionA company chooses an Amazon EC2 instance type that fits its usage
requirements.Which principle of the AWS Well-Architected Framework is the
company following
A.Proactively monitor costs
B.Rightsize the infrastructure
C.Supply resources dynamically.
D.Decommission unused resources
Answer: B
QUESTION 1180
Question: A company is running a reporting web server application on Amazon EC2
instances. The application runs once every weekand once again at the end of the month.
The EC2 instances can be shut down when they are not in use. What is the MOST costeffective billing model for this use case?
A. Standard Reserved Instances
B. Convertible Reserved Instances
C. On-Demand Capacity Reservations
D. On-Demand Instances
Answer: D
QUESTION 1181
Question: A user is comparing purchase options for an application that runs on Amazon
EC2 and Amazon RDS. The application cannot sustain any interruption. The
application experiences a predictable amount of usage, including some seasonal spikes
that last only a few weeks at a time It is not possible to modify the application. Which
purchase option meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Review the AWS Marketplace and buy Partial Upfront Reserved Instances to cover
the predicted and seasonal load
B. Buy Reserved Instances for the predicted amount of usage throughout the year Allow
any seasonal usage to run on Spot Instances.
C. Buy Reserved Instances for the predicted amount of usage throughout the year Allow
any seasonal usage to run at an On-Demand rate.
D. Buy Reserved Instances to cover all potential usage that results from the seasonal
usage
Answer: C
QUESTION 1182
Question: A company wants optimized pricing for its Amazon EC2 instances. The
applications running on these instances cannot tolerate interruptions, and the workloads
must remain in operation for at least 1 year. Which purchasing options should the
company use to meet these requirements?(Select TWO.)
A. Reserved Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. AWS Marketplace subscriptions
D. Savings Plans
E. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1183
Question: Which AWS Weil-Architected Framework design principles support disaster
recovery planning?(Select TWO.)
A. Use Amazon S3 Glacier instead of Amazon S3 Standard
B. Use multiple AWS Regions
C. Use memory-optimized Amazon EC2 instances
D. Use Multi-AZ deployments.
E. Use virtual local area networks(VLANs)
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1184
Question: A company wants to integrate its online shopping website with social media
login credentials. Which AWS service can the company use to make this integration?
A. AWS Directory Service
B. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM)
C. Amazon Cognito
D. AWS Single Sign-On
Answer: C
QUESTION 1185
Question: Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS) and Amazon FSx offer which
type of storage?
A. File storage
B. Object storage
C. Block storage
D. instance store
Answer: A
QUESTION 1186
Question  A company is designing AWS architecture that will add compute
resourceswhen the company needs them.The architecture also includes a disaster
recovery plan with automatic failover.Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected
Framework does this architecture represent
A.Reliability
B.Operational excellence
C.Security
D.Performance efficiency
Answer: A
QUESTION 1187
Question: What is the LEAST expensive AWS Support plan that provides users with
technical phone supports?
A. AWS Business Support
B. AWS Basic Support
C. AWS Developer Support
D. AWS Enterprise Support
Answer: A
QUESTION 1188
Question: A company wants to establish an encrypted network connection between
applications at its on-premises data center and the applications that run in its AWS
account. The connection must be over the public internet. Which AWS service can the
company use to meet these requirements?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. Amazon Route 53
C. AWS Site-to-Site VPN
D. AWS Snowball
Answer: C
QUESTION 1189
Question: Which AWS service provides managed DDoS protection?
A. AWS Firewall Manager
B. AWS Shield
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: B
QUESTION 1190
Question: An online retail company is having a sale next month that will generate an
increase in traffic for the company's application. The company plans to add new
AmazonEC2 instances to support the increased demand on the application. The
application must be able to accommodate the increase in traffic and cannot experience
any downtime.
Which EC2 instance purchasing option will meet these requirements at the LOWEST
cost?
A. Reserved Instances
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Spot Instances
D. Dedicated Hosts
Answer: B
QUESTION 1191
Question: A company is increasing the load on its Amazon RDS DB instance
bygenerating reports. How can the company reduce the load on the DB instance?
A. Move the DB instance to a second VPC
B. Create a read replica
C. Perform frequent snapshots
D. Use multiple Availability Zones
Answer: B
QUESTION 1192
Question: Which AWS service can send an alert when personally identifiable
information (Pll) is stored within an Amazon S3 bucket?
A. Amazon Guard Duty
B. Amazon Macie
C. Amazon Inspector
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer:  B
QUESTION 1193
Question: A company runs Amazon EC2 instances in a research lab. The instances run
for 3 hours each week and cannot be interrupted. What is the MOST cost-effective
instance purchasing option to meet these requirements?
A. Compute Savings Plan
B. On-Demand Instances
C. Convertible Reserved Instances
D. Spot Instances
Answer: B
QUESTION 1194
Question: A company wants to add a layer of security beyond user names and
passwords to make the login to the AWS Management Console more secure. Which
AWS service or feature can the company use to meet this requirement?
A. Secret access keys
B. AWS Security Token Service(AWS STS)
C. Multi-factor authentication(MFA)
D. IAM password policies
Answer: C
QUESTION 1195
Question: An e-learning platform needs to run an application for 2 months each year.
The application will be deployed on Amazon EC2 instances. Any application downtime
during those 2 months must be avoided. Which EC2 purchasing option will meet these
requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. Reserved Instances
B. Dedicated Hosts
C. Spot Instances
D. On-Demand instances
Answer: D
QUESTION 1196
Question: Which AWS service can identify underutilized Amazon EC2 instances and
idle Amazon RDS DB instances in an AWS account?
A. Amazon Inspector
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. Amazon Detective
D. AWS Data Exchange
Answer: B
QUESTION 1197
Question: Which AWS service gives users the ability to develop loosely coupled
microservices and improve service-to-service communication?
A. AWS Service Catalog
B. AWS Direct Connect
C. Amazon EventBridge (Amazon Cloud Watch Events)
D. Amazon CloudWatch Logs
Answer: A
QUESTION 1198
Question: Which AWS service has a feature to analyze real-time data as the data is
streamed into AWS data storage systems?
A. Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS)
B. Amazon Kinesis
C. Amazon Athena
D. Amazon S3
Answer: B
QUESTION 1199
Question: A developer needs to access AWS resources from the AWS CLI. Which
feature in AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) can the developer use for
authentication?
A. IAM access keys
B. IAM policy
C. IAM role
D. Account password policy
Answer: A
QUESTION 1200
Question: A company is connecting multiple VPCs and on-premises networks. The
company needs to use an AWS service as a cloud router to simplify peering
relationships. Which AWS service can the company use to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. AWS Transit Gateway
C. Amazon Connect
D. Amazon Route 53
Answer: B
QUESTION 1201
Question: A company is using on-premises Microsoft Active Directory federation to
manage user identities and groups. What AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
setting maps the permissions for AWS services to the Active Directory user attributes?
A. IAM users
B. IAM access keys
C. IAM roles
D. IAM groups
Answer: C
QUESTION 1202
Question: Which AWS Support solution provides additional AWS technical support for
critical customer events, such as new product launches?
A. AWS Personal Health Dashboard
B. Infrastructure event management
C. Management business reviews
D. AWS Developer Support
Answer: A
QUESTION 1203
Question: Which documentation does AWS Artifact provide?
A. Amazon EC2 terms and conditions
B. AWS ISO certifications
C. A history of a company's AWS spending
D. A list of previous-generation Amazon EC2 instance types
Answer: A
QUESTION 1204
Question: A company is managing millions of documents in hundreds of Amazon S3
buckets that are located in multiple AWS Regions. The company needs to find out if
the S3 buckets are hosting information (PII). What can the company do to meet this
requirement with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
A. Use Amazon Detective to identify any Pll that is stored in the S3 buckets
B. Use AWS Trusted Advisor to generate PIl notifications
C. Use Amazon Macie to identify and provide alerts about PII
D. Use AWS Lambda functions to review each file in the S3 buckets to identify PII
Answer: C
QUESTION 1205
Question: Which statement describes a characteristic of the AWS global infrastructure?
A. Edge locations contain multiple AWS Regions
B. AWS Regions contain multiple Regional edge caches
C. Availability Zones contain multiple data centers
D. Each data center contains multiple edge locations
Answer: C
QUESTION 1206
Question: Which AWS services or features help protect Amazon EC2 instances from
DDos attacks by limiting network access to the instances?(Select TWO.)
A. NetworkACLs
B. AWS Batch
C. Security groups
D. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM)
E. AWS CloudHSM
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1206
Question: Which AWS services or features help protect Amazon EC2 instances from
DDos attacks by limiting network access to the instances?(Select TWO.)
A. NetworkACLS
B. AWS Batch
C. Security groups
D. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM)
E. AWS CloudHSM
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1207
Question: Which AWS services can a company use to transfer on-premises data to the
AWS Cloud?(Select TWO.)
A. AWS Snowcone
B. AWS Transit Gateway
C. AWS DataSync
D. AWS Backup
E. Amazon Connect
Answer: BC
QUESTION 1208
QuestionA company wants to configure its AWS resources so that the resources can
be easily deployed across different AWS Regions.The company wants the deployment
to be as automated as.Which AWS service will meet these requirements
A.AWS CodeBuild
B.AWS CodePipeline
C.AWS CloudFormation
D.Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: B
QUESTION 1209
Question: Which AWS service provides users with recommendations for improving the
quality of an application's code, and identifies the most expensive lines of code?
A. AWS CodeBuild
B. AWS CodeStar
C. Amazon CodeGuru
D. AWS CodeDeploy
Answer: C
QUESTION 1210
Question: A company wants to secure its consumer web application by using SSL/TLS
to encrypt traffic. Which AWS service can the company use to meet this goal?
A. AWS WAF
B. AWS Shield
C. Amazon VPC
D. AWS Certificate Manager(ACM)
Answer: D
QUESTION 1211
Question: Which AWS service supports a company's ability to treat infrastructure as
code?
A. AWS CodeDeploy
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. Amazon API Gateway
D. AWS CloudFormation
Answer: D
QUESTION 1212
Question: Which AWS services can host PostgreSQL databases?(Select TWO.)
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon Aurora
C. Amazon EC2
D. Amazon Elasticsearch Service(Amazon ES)
E. Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS)
Answer: BC
QUESTION 1213
Question: A company needs to use AWS technology to deploy a static website. Which
solution meets this requirement with the LEAST amount of operational overhead?
A. Deploy the website on Amazon EC2.
B. Host the website on AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
C. Deploy the website with Amazon Lightsail.
D. Host the website on Amazon S3.
Answer: D
QUESTION 1214
Question: Which task is a customer's responsibility, according to the AWS shared
responsibility model?
A. Management of the guest operating systems
B. Maintenance of the configuration of infrastructure devices
C. Management of the host operating systems and virtualization
D. Maintenance of the software that powers Availability Zones
Answer: A
QUESTION 1215
Question: A company launched an Amazon EC2 instance with the latest Amazon Linux
2
Amazon Machine Image(AMI). Which actions can a system administrator take to
connect to the EC2 instance? (Select TWO.)
A. Use Amazon EC2 Instance Connect.
B. Use a Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) connection.
C. Use AWS Batch.
D. Use AWS Systems Manager Session Manager.
E. Use Amazon Connect.
Answer: AD
QUESTION 1216
Question: What is the recommended use case for Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instances?
A. A steady-state workload that requires a particular EC2 instance configuration for a
long period of time
B. A workload that can be interrupted for a project that requires the lowest possible cost
C. An unpredictable workload that does not require a long-term commitment
D. A workload that is expected to run for longer than 1 year
Answer: C
QUESTION 1217
Question: A social media company allows its public users to upload video content to
an Amazon S3 bucket. Some videos are popular and are accessed often. some videos
are popular and are accessed often. some videos are accessed infrequently. The
company wants to reduce its total storage cost. Which actions will provide the MOST
cost savings?
(Select TWO.)
A. Run S3 Transfer Acceleration for the S3 bucket.
B. Ensure that the S3 bucket is in the most cost-effective AWS Region
C. Deactivate the default encryption for the S3 bucket.
D. Use the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class.
E. Use AWS DataSync to transfer files to the S3 bucket.
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1218
Question: Which task can a user complete by using AWS Identity and Access
Management(IAM)?
A. Validate JSON syntax from an application configuration file
B. Analyze logs from an Amazon API Gateway call
C. Filter traffic to or from an Amazon EC2 instance
D. Grant permissions to applications that run on Amazon EC2 instances
Answer: D
QUESTION 1219
Question: Which of the following are characteristics of serverless application that runs
in the AWS Cloud?(Select Two.)
A. Users must manually configure Amazon EC2 instances
B. Users have a choice of operating systems
C. The application has build-in fault tolerance
D. Users can run Amazon EC2 Spot Instances E. The application can scale based on
demand
Answer: CE
QUESTION 1220
Question: A company suspects that its AWS resources are being used for harmful
network activities, including port scanning and malware distribution.
A. AWS Abuse team
B. AWS technical account manager(TAM)
C. AWS Concierge Support
D. AWS Support team
Answer: A
QUESTION 1221
Question: Which of the following are aspects of the AWS shared responsibility model?
(Select Two.)
A. Configuration management of infrastructure devices is the customer's responsibility
B. For Amazon S3, AWS operates the infrastructure layer, the operating systems, and
the platforms
C. AWS is responsible for protecting the physical cloud infrastructure
D. AWS is responsible for training the customer's employees on AWS product and
services E. For Amazon EC2, AWS is responsible for maintaining the guest operating
system
Answer: BC
QUESTION 1222
Question: A developer wants to use an Amazon S3 bucket to store application logs that
contain sensitive data. Which AWS service or feature should the developer use to
restrict read and write access to the S3 bucket?
A. Security groups
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. AWS Cloud Trail
D. ACLS
Answer: C
QUESTION 1223
Question: Which benefit is always free of charge with AWS, regardless of a user's AWS
support plan?
A. AWS Developer Support
B. AWS Developer Forums
C. Programmatic case management
D. AWS technical account manager(TAM)
Answer: B
QUESTION 1224
Question: What is the MINIMUM AWS Support plan that offers a response time of less
than 15 times for a business-critical outage?
A. AWS Developer Support
B. AWS Enterprise Support
C. AWS Business Support
D. AWS Basic Support
Answer: B
QUESTION 1225
Question: Which of the following are advantages of the AWS Cloud?(Select Two.)
A. AWS manages all the security within the cloud
B. Expenses never change from month to month
C. Users can stop spending money on the maintenance of data centers
D. Users do not need to deploy applications globally E. Users can stop guessing about
resource capacity
Answer: CE
QUESTION 1226
Question: A company has set up its first VPC in the AWS Cloud the VPC includes two
public subnets. The company needs to block access to all network traffic that destined
for one of the two public subnets if the traffic is from a specific IP address that has
identified as malicious. Which AWS service or tool can the company use to meet this
requirement?
A. Network ACL
B. AWS WAF
C. VPC route table entry
D. Security group
Answer: A
QUESTION 1227
Question: A company needs to set up a notification that provides an alert when the
company's AWS account reaches a present spending limit. Which AWS service or tool
can meet this requirement?
A. AWS Cost and Usage Report
B. AWS Budgets
C. Cost Explorer
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
QUESTION 1228
Question: A company is preparing to launching a new web store that is expected to
receive high traffic for an upcoming event. The web store runs only on AWS, and the
company has an AWS Enterprise Support plan. Which AWS resource will provide
guidance about how the company should scale its architecture and operational support
during the event?
A. AWS Abuse team
B. The designated AWS technical account manager (TAM)
C. AWS infrastructure event management
D. AWS Professional Services
Answer: C
QUESTION 1229
Question: Which of the following is one of the five pillars of the AWS Well-Architected
Framework?
A. Efficiency and redundancy
B. High availability
C. Operational excellence
D. Business optimization
Answer: C
QUESTION 1230
Question: Which AWS service can a company use to manage encryption keys in the
cloud?
A. AWS License Manager
B. AWS Certificate Manager(ACM)
C. AWS CloudHSM
D. AWS Directory Service
Answer: C
QUESTION 1231
Question: A company sets up its AWS environment and creates eight IAM users for the
development team. Which of the following is a best practice for the company to follow
to grant permissions to these IAM users?
A. Apply the principle of least privilege. Create one password, and set the password for
each user.
B. Provide the development team members with AWS account root user access.
C. Apply the principle of least privilege. Attach a separate IAM policy for each
individual user.
D. Apply the principle of least privilege. Grant access to an IAM group, and add the
eight users to that group.
Answer: C
QUESTION 1232
Question: A company needs a firewall that will control network connections to and
from a single Amazon EC2 instance. This firewall will not control network connections
to and from other instances that are in the same subnet. Which AWS service or feature
can the company use to meet these requirements?
A. Network ACL
B. AWS WAF
C. Route table
D. Security group
Answer: A
QUESTION 1233
Question: Which statements represent the cost-effectiveness of the AWS Cloud?(Select
TWO.)
A. Users can trade fixed expenses for variable expenses.
B. Users can deploy all over the world in minutes.
C. AWS offers increased speed and agility.
D. AWS is responsible for patching the infrastructure.
E. Users benefit from economies of scale.
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1234
Question: Which AWS service or tool can automatically identity security groups that
grant unrestricted internet access to a list of ports?
A. AWS Firewall Manager
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Shield
D. Amazon EC2 dashboard
Answer: B
QUESTION 1235
Question: Which terms describe the on-demand AWS pricing model?(Select TWO.)
A. Fixed term
B. Pay-as-you-go
C. Collocation
D. Planned
E. Variable expense
Answer: BE
QUESTION 1236
Question: Which AWS service or tool offers consolidated billing?
A. AWS Artifact
B. AWS Budgets
C. AWS Organizations
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: C
QUESTION 1237
Question: A company wants to build web and mobile applications that are scalable,
secure, and easily integrated with AWS authentication services. What can the company
use to develop these applications quickly and efficiently?
A. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
B. Amazon Lightsail
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS Amplify
Answer: D
QUESTION 1238
Question: Which AWS service provides a highly accurate and easy-to-use enterprise
search service that is powered by machine learning(ML)?
A. Amazon Kendra
B. Amazon SageMaker
C. Amazon Augmented Al(Amazon A2I)
D. Amazon Polly
Answer: A
QUESTION 1239
Question: Which actions are within the scope of AWS Support?(Select TWO.)
A. Debugging custom software
B. Troubleshooting operational problems with AWS resources
C. Performing system administration tasks
D. Investigating issues detected by health checks E. Developing application code
Answer: BC
QUESTION 1240
Question: A company provides a web-based ecommerce service that runs in two
Availability Zones within a single AWS Region. The web service distributes content
that is stored in the Amazon S3 Standard storage class. The company wants to improve
the webservice's performance globally. What should the company do to meet this
requirement?
A. Change the S3 storage class to S3 Intelligent-Tiering.
B. Deploy an Amazon CloudFront distribution to cache web server content in edge
locations.
C. Use Amazon API Gateway for the web service
D. Migrate the website ecommerce servers to Amazon EC2 with enhanced networking.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1241
Question: A developer needs to maintain a development environment infrastructure and
a production environment infrastructure in a repeatable fashion. Which AWS service
should the developer use to meet these requirements?
A. AWS Ground Station
B. AWS Shield
C. AWS IoT Device Defender
D. AWS CloudFormation
Answer: D
QUESTION 1242
Question: Which AWS services are managed at the AWS Region level rather than
globally?(Select TWO.)
A. Amazon S3
B. WS WAF
C. Amazon EC2
D. AWS Identity and Access Management(IAM)
E. Amazon CloudFront
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1243
Question: Which of the following are included in AWS Enterprise Support? (Select
TWO.)
A. AWS technical account manager (TAM)
B. AWS partner-led support
C. AWS Professional Services
D. Support of third-party software integration to AWS.
E. 5-minute response time for critical issues
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1244
Question: Which AWS service is suited for use cases that require data system?
A. Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS)
B. Amazon FSx for Lustre
C. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
D. Amazon S3
Answer: C
QUESTION 1245
Question: Which AWS services or features enable a user to establish a network
connection from on premises to the AWS Cloud?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. AWS Snowball
C. Amazon S3
D. VPN connectionE. Amazon Connect
Answer: A
QUESTION 1246
Question: A company needs to run a workload tor several batch image rendering
applications. It is acceptable for the workload to experience downtime. Which Amazon
EC2 pricing model would be MOST cost-effective in this situation?
A. On-Demand Instances
B. Reserved Instances
C. Dedicated Instances
D. Spot Instances
Answer: D
QUESTION 1247
Question: A company is comparing the total cost of ownership (TCO) of resource
deployment on premises with the TCO of resource deployment in the AWS Cloud.
Which costs apply only to on-premises deployments? (Select TWO)
A. Operating system licensing
B. Facility operations
C. Application licensing
D. Database administration E. Hardware procurement
Answer: AD
QUESTION 1248
Question: Which AWS service provides domain registration, DNS routing and service
health checks?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. Amazon Route 53
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. Amazon API Gateway
Answer: B
QUESTION 1249
Question: Which Amazon S3 feature or storage class gives a company the ability to
recover files that have been accidently deleted?
A. S3 Intelligent-Tiering
B. S3 Standard
C. S3 Lifecycle policies
D. S3 Versioning
Answer: B
QUESTION 1250
Question: What information is found on an AWS Identity and Access Management
(IAM)
credential report?(Select TWO.)
A. The date and time when an IAM user's password was last used to sign in to the AWS
Management Console
B. The type of multi-factor authentication (MFA) device assigned to an IAM user.
C. The User-Agent browser identifier for each IAM user currently logged in B
D. Whether multi-factor authentication (MFA) has been enabled for an IAM user.
E. The number of incorrect login attempts by each IAM user in the previous 30 days.
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1251
Question: A company has a serverless application that includes an Amazon API
Gateway DynamoDB database a function, and an Amazon. Which AWS service can
the company use to trace user requests as they move through the application s
components?
A. AWS Cloud Trail
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. Amazon Inspector
D. AWS X-Ray
Answer: A
QUESTION 1252
Question: Which AWS services or resources can a company use directly on its onpremises servers?(Select TWO.)
A. AWS OpsWorks
B. AWS CloudFormation
C. AWS Storage Gateway
D. Application Load Balancer E. Amazon Cognito
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1253
Question: A company has existing software licenses that it wants to bring to AWS, but
the licensing model requires licensing physical cores. How can the company meet this
requirement in the AWS Cloud?
A. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance with default tenancy.
B. Launch an Amazon EC2 instance on a Dedicated Host.
C. Create an On-Demand Capacity Reservation.
D. Purchase Dedicated Reserved Instances.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1254
Question: What does "security of the cloud"refer to in the AWS shared responsibility
model?
A. Availability of AWS services such as Amazon EC2
B. Security of the cloud infrastructure that runs all the AWS services
C. Implementation of password policies for I AM users
D. Security of customer environments by using AWS Network Firewall partners
Answer: B
QUESTION 1255
Question: Which AWS service can a company use lo directly query and analyze AWS
Cost and Usage Reports?
A. Amazon Elasticsearch Service(Amazon ES)
B. Amazon Athena
C. Amazon Aurora
D. AWS Glue
Answer: B
QUESTION 1256
Question: Which tasks require use of the AWS account root user?(Select TWO.)
A. Changing an AWS Support plan
B. Modifying an Amazon EC2 instance type
C. Grouping resources in AWS Systems Manager
D. Running applications in Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service(Amazon EKS)
E. Closing an AWS account
Answer: AE
QUESTION 1257
Question: A company is running and managing its own Docker environment on
Amazon EC2 instances. The company wants an alternative to help manage cluster size,
scheduling, and environment maintenance. Which AWS service meets these
requirements?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon RDS
C. AWS Fargate
D. Amazon Athena
Answer: C
QUESTION 1258
Question: A company needs to review its AWS Cloud expense history by department.
Each department has its own AWS account. Which AWS feature or tool can the
company use to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Budgets
B. Cost Exploren
C. AWS Purchase Order Management
D. AWS Cost Anomaly Detection
Answer: B
QUESTION 1259
Question: A company wants to store internal reports in an Amazon S3 bucket.A
compliance requirement states that unauthorized users must not be able to access any
new data that is stored in the S3 bucket. What should the company do to meet this
requirement?
A. Create a gateway VPC endpoint to the S3 bucket. Share only that endpoint with
authorized users.
B. Enable server-side encryption (SSE) with customer master keys (CMKs) that are
available only to authorized users.
C. Split the reports into multiple files before storing them in the S3 bucket.
D. Apply an S3 bucket policy that provides access to the AWS account root user
credentials. Instruct the root user to provide access to authorized users.
Answer: D
QUESTION 1260
Question: A retail company needs to build a highly available architecture for a new
ecommerce platform. The company is using only AWS services that replicate data
across multiple Availability Zones. Which AWS services should the company use to
meet this requirement? (Select TWO.)
A. Amazon EC2
B. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
C. Amazon Aurora
D. Amazon DynamoDBE. Amazon Redshift
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1261
Question: A company wants to migrate its applications from on premises to the AWS
Cloud. Which AWS service or feature can help automate the migration?
A. AWS Data Exchange
B. CloudEndure Migration
C. AWS AppSync
D. AWS CloudFormation
Answer: B
QUESTION 1262
Question: Which AWS service gives a company the ability to use a private, dedicated
connection between a VPC and an on-premises data center?
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. Amazon API Gateway
C. AWS Systems Manager
D. AWS CloudFormation
Answer: A
QUESTION 1263
Question: A large retail company wants to use an AWS service to process
clickstreamdata from the company's ecommerce website. The company wants to collect
and analyze the streaming data in real time. Which AWS service meets these
requirements?
A. Amazon Kinesis
B. Amazon Athena
C. Amazon CloudFront
D. AWS Data Exchange
Answer: A
QUESTION 1264
QuestionWhich task requires the use of AWS account root user credentials
A.The deletion of IAM users
B.The change lo a different AWS Support plan
C.The creation of an organization in AWS Organizations
D.The deletion of Amazon EC2 instances
Answer: B
QUESTION 1265
Question: Which phrase describes agility as a benefit of building in the AWS Cloud?
A. The ability to pay only when computing resources are consumed, based on the
volume of resources that are consumed
B. The ability to eliminate guessing about infrastructure capacity needs
C. The ability to support innovation through a reduction in the time that is required to
make IT resources available to developers
D. The ability to deploy an application in multiple AWS Regions around the world in
minutes
Answer: C
QUESTION 1266
Question: Which of the following are economic benefits of using the AWS
Cloud?(Select TWO.)
A. Consumption-based pricing
B. Perpetual licenses
C. Economies of scale
D. AWS Enterprise Support at no additional cost.
E. Bring-your-own-hardware model
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1267
Question: Which AWS service will automatically identify and protect a user's sensitive
data?
A. Amazon GuardDuty
B. Amazon Macie
C. Amazon Cloud Watch
D. Amazon Inspector
Answer: B
QUESTION 1268
Question: A company has only basic knowledge of AWS technologies. Which AWS
service provides the SIMPLEST way for the company to establish a website on AWS?
A. Amazon Elastic File System(Amazon EFS)
B. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
C. AWS Lambda
D. Amazon Lightsail
Answer: B
QUESTION 1269
Question: Which AWS database allows for analytics that use SQL queries?
A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon Redshift
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon Neplune
Answer: B
QUESTION 1270
Question: A company plans to move its on-premises servers to Amazon EC2 instances.
The company has 50 different business units and wants to separate each billing for each
unit. What should a cloud practitioner recommend?
A. Use separate AWS accounts for each business unit, then filter by unit using the
coverage report.
B. Place each business unit in a different AWS Region, then filter by unit in Cost
Explorer.
C. Tag each business unit's resources, then filter by unit in Cost Explorer.
D. Use a different VPC for each business unit, then filter by unit using an AWS Cost
and Usage Report.
Answer: C
QUESTION 1271
Question: Which AWS service or tool provides a visualization of historical AWS
spending patterns and projections of future AWS costs?
A. AWS Cost and Usage Report
B. AWS Budgets
C. Cost Explorer
D. Amazon CloudWatch
Answer: C
QUESTION 1272
Question: A company is running a key-value NoSQL workload on Amazon EC2
instances and needs to have scalability, failover protection, and backup capabilities.
What is the MOST operationally efficient way to meet these requirements?
A. Add additional EC2 instances to the database cluster.
B. Run an identical copy of the database in a second Availability Zone.
C. Migrate the database lo Amazon DynamoDB.
D. Migrate to a relational database.
Answer: C
QUESTION 1273
Question: A company wants to store a copy of its on-premises data backups to the AWS
Cloud. Data durability is not a concern, but the company wants to be able to begin
retrieval of the data within milliseconds. What is the MOST cost-effective storage
solution?
A. Amazon S3 Standard
B. Amazon S3 Standard-Infrequent Access(S3 Standard-IA)
C. Amazon S3 Glacier
D. Amazon S3 One Zone-Infrequent Access(S3 One Zone-IA)
Answer: D
QUESTION 1274
Question: Which of the following are benefits of AWS Trusted Advisor?(Select TWO.)
A. Access to Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS)
B. Cost optimization recommendations
C. Hourly refresh of the service limit checks
D. Security checks E. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) approval
management
Answer: BC
QUESTION 1275
Question: Which of the following is included within the security pillar of the AWS
Well-Architected Framework?
A. Identity federation
B. Data protection
C. Incident reporting
D. Disaster recovery
Answer: C
QUESTION 1276
Question: A company is using an Amazon EC2 On-Demand Instance for an application.
The company wants to migrate the application to an EC2 Reserved Instance(RI). The
application will run on the instance for longer than 3 years. Which EC2 instance
purchasing option meets these requirements MOST cost-effectively?
A. A No Upfront Standard RI for a 1-year term, renewed each year
B. An All Upfront Convertible RI for a 1-year term
C. An All Upfront Standard RI for a 3-year term
D. A No Upfront Convertible Rl for a 3-year term
Answer: C
QUESTION 1277
Question: Which of the following are advantages of moving to the AWS Cloud?(Select
TWO.)
A. The ability to turn over the responsibility for all security to AWS.
B. The ability to use the pay-as-you-go model.
C. The ability to have full control over the physical infrastructure.
D. No longer having to guess what capacity will be required.
E. No longer worrying about users access controls.
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1278
Question: A company needs to use SQL syntax to perform a direct query of objects in
an Amazon S3 bucket. Which AWS service can the company use to meet this
requirement?
A. AWS Glue
B. Amazon Athena
C. AWS Lambda
D. Amazon Kinesis
Answer: A
QUESTION 1279
QuestionA company deployed an Amazon EC2 instance last week.A developer
realizes that the EC2 instance is no longer running.The developer reviews a list of
provisionedEC2 instancesand the EC2 instance is no longer on the list.What can the
developer do to generate a recent history of the EC2 instance
A.Run Cost Explorer to identify the start time and end time of the EC2 instance.
B.Use Amazon Inspector to find out when the EC2 instance was stopped.
C.Perform a search in AWS Cloud Trail to find all EC2 instance-related events.
D.Use AWS Secrets Manager to display hidden termination logs of the EC2 instance.
Answer: C
QUESTION 1280
Question: A global company has a large number of AWS accounts. The company needs
central management of billing and security policies across accounts. Which AWS
service or feature will meet these requirements?
A. AWS Config
B. AWS Organizations
C. IAM groups
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
QUESTION 1281
Question: Which AWS services can help reduce application latency and improve
performance by using edge locations?(Select TWO.)
A. Amazon Route 53
B. AWS Global Accelerator
C. AWS Direct Connect
D. Amazon Connect
E. Amazon CloudFront
Answer: BE
QUESTION 1282
Question: Which AWS service or feature allows users to connect with and deploy AWS
services programmatically?
A. AWS Management Console
B. AWS Cloud
C. AWS CodePipeline
D. AWS software development kits (SDKs)
Answer: D
QUESTION 1283
Question: When designing AWS workloads to be operational even when there are
component failures, what is an AWS best practice?
A. Perform quarterly disaster recovery tests.
B. Place the main component on the us-east-1 Region.
C. Design for automatic failover to healthy resources.
D. Design workloads to fit on a single Amazon EC2 instance.
Answer: C
QUESTION 1284
Question: An ecommerce company plans to move its data center workload to the AWS
Cloud to support highly dynamic usage patterns. Which benefits make the AWS Cloud
cost-effective for the migration of this type of workload?(Select TWO.)
A. Reliability
B. Security
C. Elasticity
D. Pay-as-you-go resource pricing
E. High availability
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1285
Question: A company needs to establish a private virtual interface(VIF) from its onpremises network directly to its VPC. Which AWS connectivity option should the
company use?
A. VPC peering
B. AWS PrivateLink
C. AWS Global Accelerator
D. AWS Direct Connect
Answer: A
QUESTION 1286
Question: A company needs to generate reports that will describe its usage of Amazon
EC2 Reserved Instances across AWS accounts for the past month. Which AWS service
or tool can the company use to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Organizations
B. Amazon S3
C. Cost Explorer
D. Amazon EC2 dashboard
Answer: C
QUESTION 1287
Question: A company has an application with robust hardware requirements. The
application must be accessed by students who are using lightweight, low-cost laptops.
Which AWS service will help the company deploy the application without investing in
backend infrastructure or high-end client hardware?
A. Amazon AppStream2.0
B. AWS AppSync
C. Amazon WorkLink
D. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Answer: C
QUESTION 1288
Question: A company does not want to rely on elaborate forecasting to determine its
usage of compute resources. Instead, the company wants to pay only for the resources
that it uses. The company also needs the ability to increase or decrease its resource
usage to meet business requirements. Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected
Framework aligns with these requirements?
A. Operational excellence
B. Security
C. Reliability
D. Cost optimization
Answer: A
QUESTION 1289
Question: Which AWS service can a company use to access compliance documentation
and AWS agreements?
A. AWS Security Hub
B. AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS Certificate Manager(ACM)
Answer: C
QUESTION 1290
Question: A company moves a workload to AWS to run on Amazon EC2 instances.
The company needs to run the workload in the most cost-effective way. What can the
company do to meet this requirement?
A. Use AWS Key Management Service [ AWS KMS).
B. Use multiple AWS accounts and consolidated billing.
C. Use AWS CloudFormation to deploy the infrastructure.
D. Rightslze all the EC2 instances that are used in the deployment.
Answer: D
QUESTION 1291
Question: Which AWS services or features enable a user to establish a network
connection from on premises to the AWS Cloud?(Select TWO.)
A. AWS Direct Connect
B. AWS Snowball
C. Amazon S3
D. VPN connection
E. Amazon Connect
Answer: AD
QUESTION 1292
Question: Which AWS services are managed database services?(Select TWO.)
A. Amazon Elastic Block Store(Amazon EBS)
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon RDS
E. Amazon Elastic Pile System(Amazon EFS)
Answer: CD
QUESTION 1293
Question: How does the AWS Cloud pricing model differ from the traditional onpremises storage pricing model?
A. AWS resources do not incur costs
B. There are no Infrastructure operating costs
C. There are no upfront cost commitments.
D. There are no software licensing costs
Answer: C
QUESTION 1294
Question: Which AWS service enables the decoupling and scaling of applications?
A. Amazon Simple Queue Service(Amazon SQS)
B. AWS Outposts
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon Simple Email Service(Amazon SES)
Answer: A
QUESTION 1295
Question: How does AWS Cloud computing help businesses reduce costs? (Select
TWO.)
A. AWS charges the same prices for services in every AWS Region.
B. AWS enables capacity to be adjusted on demand.
C. AWS offers discounts for Amazon EC2 instances that remain idle for more than 1
week.
D. AWS does not charge for data sent from the AWS Cloud to the internet.
E. AWS eliminates many of the costs of building and maintaining on-premises data
centers.
Answer: BD
QUESTION 1296
Question: A company has a global website with static content. Which AWS service will
deliver the static content with low latency?
A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon CloudFront
C. Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling
D. AWS Compute Optimizer
Answer: B
QUESTION 1297
Question: A company has two AWS accounts in an organization in AWS Organizations
for consolidated billing. All of the company's AWS resources are hosted in one AWS
Region.
Account A has purchased five Amazon EC2 Standard Reserved Instances(RIs) and has
four EC2 instances running. Account B has not purchased any Rls and also has four
EC2 instances running. Which statement is true regarding pricing for these eight
instances?
A. The eight instances will be charged as regular instances.
B. Four Instances will be charged as Rls, and four will be charged as regular instances.
C. Five instances will be charged as Rls, and three will be charged as regular Instances.
D. The eight instances will be charged as Rls.
Answer: B
QUESTION 1298
Question: An ecommerce company has Amazon EC2 instances running as web servers.
There is a predictable pattern of peak traffic load that occurs two times each day, always
at the same time. The EC2 instances are idle for the remainder of the day. What is the
MOST cost-effective way to manage these resources while maintaining fault tolerance?
A. Use an Auto Scaling group to scale resources in and out based on demand.
B. Purchase Reserved Instances to ensure peak capacity at all times.
C. Write a cron job to stop the EC2 instances when the traffic demand is low.
D. Write a script to vertically scale the EC2 instances during peak traffic demand.
Answer: A
QUESTION 1299
Question: A company needs to log information that shows all the AWS resources that
the company has launched and terminated. Which AWS service can the company use
to meet this requirement?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. Amazon CloudWatch
C. AWS Config
D. AWS Cloud Trail
Answer: C
QUESTION 1300
Question: What is a feature of Amazon Route 53?
A. Routing users to infrastructure both Inside and outside AWS
B. Providing a private connection to infrastructure inside AWS
C. Providing a private connection to Infrastructure outside AWS
D. Distributing content across edge locations
Answer: C
QUESTION 1301
Question: What does the concept of agility mean in AWS Cloud computing?(Select
TWO.)
A. The speed at which AWS resources are implemented
B. The speed at which AWS creates new AWS Regions
C. The ability to experiment quickly
D. The elimination of wasted capacity E. The low cost of entry into cloud computing
Answer: AC
QUESTION 1302
Question: Which AWS Trusted Advisor check includes the verification of AWS Cloud
Trai logging?
A. Performance
B. Fault tolerance
C. Security
D. Service limits
Answer: C
QUESTION 1303
Question: Which AWS Cloud benefit occurs when a company does not have to maintain
overprovisioned resources that support peak workloads during periods of low activity?
A. Pay-as-you-go pricing
B. Agility
C. Economy of scale
D. Elasticity
Answer: A
QUESTION 1304
Question: A company needs to use third-party software for its workload on AWS.
Which AWS service or feature can the company use to purchase the software?
A. AWS Resource Access Manager
B. AWS Managed Services
C. AWS License Manager
D. AWS Marketplace
Answer: D
QUESTION 1305
Question: What is a benefit of using AWS Auto Scaling?
A. Pay-as-you-go pricing is only available for the use of AWS Auto Scaling.
B. AWS Auto Scaling is billed based on the duration of a given event.
C. Users only pay for the AWS resources that are deployed with AWS Auto Scaling.
D. Bulk discount pricing is automatically applied to AWS Auto Scaling usage.
Answer: C
QUESTION 1306
Question: Which AWS service continuously audits AWS resources and enables them
to assess overall compliance?
A. Amazon CloudWatch
B. AWS Config
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Trusted Advisor
Answer: B
QUESTION 1307
Question: Which AWS service should a cloud practitioner use to receive real-time
guidance for provisioning resources, based on AWS best practices related to security,
cost optimization, and service limits?
A. AWS Trusted Advisor
B. AWS Config
C. AWS Security Hub
D. AWS Systems Manager
Answer: A
QUESTION 1308
Question: According to the AWS shared responsibility model, what responsibility does
a customer have when using Amazon RDS to host a database?
A. Manage connections to the database
B. Install Microsoft SQL Server
C. Design encryption-at-rest strategies
D. Apply minor database patches
Answer: C
QUESTION 1309
Question: Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework aligns with the ability
to make frequent, small, and reversible changes to AWS Cloud architecture?
A. Security
B. Cost optimization
C. Operational excellence
D. Performance efficiency
Answer: C
QUESTION 1310
Question: A company needs access to cloud support engineers 24 hours a day, 7 days a
week. What is the LEAST expensive AWS Support plan that meets this requirement?
A. AWS Basic Support
B. AWS Business Support
C. AWS Developer Support
D. AWS Enterprise Support
Answer: C
QUESTION 1311
Question: A user is moving a workload from a local data center to an architecture that
is distributed between the local data center and the AWS Cloud. Which type of
migration is this?
A. On-premises to cloud native
B. Hybrid to cloud native
C. On-premises to hybrid
D. Cloud native to hybrid
Answer: C
